A man is walking fast. He is facing the opposite side of the street.  They are in the road. They are walking to the opposite side of the street.   The car is far from the man. The man is on the right side of the car.   
The pedestrian is walking upright. There are four driving lanes. There are vehicles parked along the road on the both sides of the car. This is a retail downtown area. They have stepped into the road. They are crossing the lanes. They are not very close to this car. They are on the right side of the car. Other vehicles have already passed them. If there are no other cars close to the pedestrian, sometimes they will cross to the point in the road where a car will pass them.
Pedestrian is female. She is walking slowly left. She is downtown. The road is a 5 lane one-way. There is a stoplight ahead. She is on the right side of road. She is walking left. She is 1 step away from entering the third lane from the right.  she is 1 car length away from driver. She is 7 ft to the right of driver.  
Their body is facing opposite side of road. They are walking slowly. Downtown area.  They are walking right to left side of road. They are in the right most lane.  Car is maintaining speed. He is close to car. Cars parked on side of road. 
Pedestrian is walking.   Parked cars on both side of car.  One way traffic flow.  Traffic lights in front of car.  Downtown area.   They are on the right side of the road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   
it looks like the driver is going quick enough that the pedestrian won't be able to cross in front. they'll likely wait until the vehicle passes first before crossing. they're only walking at a slow pace.  the road lanes aren't too wide and the entire roadway is shadowed.  the pedestrian has crossed one lane of the four-lane road towards the left side.  they're about 50 feet in front of the driver slowly approaching the driver's lane.  
Pedestrian is slowly walking.  Three lane, one way road. Parking lanes on both sides of street. Shopping area. Restaurant.  Pedestrian is on right side of road.  Pedestrian is to the right of the car. Pedestrian is away from car.  
Pedestrian is walking. They are maintaining speed. They are an adult. Downtown area. One way road with four driving lanes. Two parking lanes on both sides of the road. They are in the road. They are on the right side. Their walking path is across the road. They are far from the car 
Person is walking slowly. Person isn't stopping. No crosswalk in road. Driver is downtown. Person is 2 steps from curb. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 1 step from car. Person is 3 lanes from driver lane. 
He is slowing walking to the road from the right side. He is looking at my car.  This is a downtown area.  He is in the right most lane.  He is far from my car. My car is slowing down due to traffic ahead.  
A man is walking toward my car.  The man is in the street.  
Young business man is slowing down. He sees the car.  He is in the road.  He is crossing to the left side of the road.  The man is close to the car. He is on the right side of the car. He is slowing down for the car. 
The pedestrian is walking at a normal pace.    The car is close to him. He is not walking fast enough to pass in front of the car. 
Pedestrian is male.   He is two and a half lanes away from the left sidewalk. He is walking left.  He is two feet in front of driver. HE is two feet to the left of driver.  

Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian sees car.   Parking garage entrance.   Pedestrian is in the middle of road.   He is to right of car.   
Pedestrian slowed walking speed. Male.  Downtown area. Parking garage. Restaurants on both sides of the street.  He is in the middle of the road.  He is to the right of the car. He is relatively close to the car.  
Pedestrian sees the car. They are male.   They are close to the car. They are not slowing down, but are keeping an eye on the car.
Man is walking slowly.  Man is in middle of road. Man is walking straight across road.  Man is walking slow compared to driver. Man is 3 steps from driver. Man is looking at driver and is adjusting walking speed to not cross in front of driver. This is because man knows he is not on crosswalk and driver can pass quickly.
He is walking slowing. He is looking at my car.  Green signals are on.  He is in the right lane of mine.  He is close to my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
They are walking. They are faced away from the car.   They are on the far left of the road. They are to the left of the car in front. They are in front and to the left of this car.  
They walking slowly parallel to the traffic.  They are not facing the road. They are on the opposite side of the road where there is opposing traffic. 
The pedestrian is walking along the road.  The car is on a city road. They are walking in the road. They are in the oncoming lane. They are ahead and to the left of the car.  
Person is walking normally. They are male. They are senior. Road has 2 lanes. Road is near stores. They are on road. They are in left lane. They are far from car. They are left of car. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is one step on the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced away from the car. Two lane road. Cars parked on both sides. Pedestrian is on left side of road. Pedestrian is to the left of the silver van. 
Pedestrian is facing away from car. Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian is walking slowly  road is in area with high pedestrian traffic.  Pedestrians path is parallel to the flow of traffic. Pedestrian is on left side of road. Pedestrian is walking against traffic.  pedestrian is on left side of road. Pedestrian is walking slowly. Pedestrians path is parallel to the cars path. pedestrians direction is the same as the cars.  pedestrians should be given right of way in high pedestrian traffic areas. 
Pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. Crowded road Pedestrian is walking parallel to the road. They are on the left side of the road. The pedestrian is walking in the same direction of the vehicle. 
He is walking at the left edge of the road. He is walking at the moving cars.   He is very close to the road.  He is far from my car. My car is going slow due to the traffic ahead.  
Pedestrian is a male. Pedestrian is walking. Downtown area. Curbside parking. Pedestrian is in the left parking lane. Pedestrian is to the left of the cars. Pedestrian is walking away from driver. 
The pedestrian has started to cross from the left. He is looking for traffic,  They are slowly walking towards the right sidewalk. He is closely to the left of the car. 
   Person is near car. Person is left of car. Car did not slow down. 
He is starting to walk toward the right side of road. The car is going to fast for the pedestrian to cross.  He is to the left of the car. 
Pedestrian has turned to look at traffic. Pedestrians body language shows intent to cross. pedestrian sees car and is allowing car to pass.    pedestrians path has shifted to intersect traffic flow. Pedestrians walking path is now perpendicular to traffic.  pedestrian is very close to car.  
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is looking at the car.  Campus. One lane road. Parking lane.  Pedestrian is in the parking lane. Pedestrian is on the right side of the road.  Pedestrian is to the right of the car. She is very close to the car.  
Pedestrian intends to cross.  Pedestrian spotted car.   Parked cars to right of car.  Campus area.  2 lane road.   Pedestrian is few steps into road.  They are on right side of road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Car maintains slow driving speed.   
A man is stepping into the road.  He is walking. He is looking at the car.  He is on the right side of the road. He is going to cross to the left side of road. He is in the road. He is on the right side of the vehicle. He is close to the vehicle. 
The pedestrian is a woman. They are walking at a normal pace.  Urban area. Yellow curb.  They are in the road. They are on the right side of the road. Their walking path is across the road. They are close to the car. They are in front of parked vehicles. They see the car. They are looking at the car to see if the car will slow down to let them cross.
He is slowly walking toward my lane. He is looking at my car.   He is at the right edge of the road.  He is close to my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Man is walking slowly. Man is not looking at driver.  No crosswalk in road. Man is in shaded area. Man is 2 steps into road. Man is walking across road. Man is at front of driver. Man is moving slowly in front of driver. 
the pedestrian is standing on the right side of the lane. they are kind of hidden in the shadow of the trees with the sun glaring on the windshield, so it's difficult to see them. given the slow speed of the road and vehicle, they could cross. with the proximity of the vehicle though, it seems likely they'll wait for the vehicle to pass.   the pedestrian is standing in the right lane of the roadway facing the left side of the road.  the pedestrian is about 10 feet in front of the driver and is several feet away from the driver's path.  it looks like a campus building, so there should be lots of pedestrians around. vehicles should usually go slowly and be willing to stop for pedestrians. 
Her head is turned towards car. Her body is facing opposite side of road. She is walking slowly. Campus area.  She is walking from right to left side of road. She has stepped off of curb into road.  Car is driving slow. Car is not slowing down more. She is near car.  
Pedestrian is younger female. She is walking slowly left.  She is on campus. There is a stoplight ahead. There is a crosswalk ahead. There is a lot of foot traffic.  She is on right side of road. She is one step off the right curb. She is walking towards the left side of the road.  She is to the right of driver. She is 3 feet in front of driver. She is two feet to the left of driver.  She likely did not see the driver from behind the car to her left 
The woman is walking toward my car. The woman is walking from a parking lot.  The woman is past the curb.  Drivers typically yield to pedestrians near parking lots.
The pedestrian looks like a young adult. They are walking straight. This is a campus area. There is at least one traveling lane. Cars are parked to the right side of the car. There are sidewalks on both sides of the road. They walked quickly into the road. They stepped off the sidewalk. They have stepped into the road. They are very close to the car.  In a campus area, pedestrians are usually given the right-a-way if possible. 
Pedestrian has stopping walking.  Campus. Parking lane.  Pedestrian is to the right of the road.  Pedestrian is to the right of the car.  
Pedestrian stopped walking speed when car approached.  Pedestrian has phone in hand.        
The man is looking at the car. He is walking slow.  He is on the right side of the road.  He is facing the road because he wants to cross. He is moving slow. He sees the car.  He is waiting for us to pass. 
The pedestrian slowed down.    
Man is in road. Man is stopping walking. Man is looking at driver. No crosswalk in road. Near building entrance. Man is in right lane of road. Man is 2 steps from left lane. Man is walking straight across road. Man is near front of driver. Man is stopping. Man looked at driver as driver approached acknowledging driver passing.
The pedestrian stopped walking to stand on the side of the driving path.   They are directly on the right side of the car. If the car is moving too quickly, it will not stop for the pedestrian.
Pedestrian stopped walking speed when car approached.  Pedestrian has phone in hand.       Pedestrian is to right of car.   
Pedestrian is an older female. She is getting into her car She is on campus. There is a crosswalk. The road is narrow.  She is on the right side of road. She is 1 step into the parking lane. She is getting into car.  She is to the right of driver. She is 3 car lengths away from driver. She is 3 ft to the right of driver.  
Pedestrian is facing car, opening car door.  They are standing on the left side of their car.  Campus environment.  One lane road. No visible crosswalks. Parked cars on right side only.  Pedestrian is on left side of parked car. Pedestrian is close to sidewalk. Pedestrian and my car are close in distance.  Pedestrians on sidewalks.   
Man is not moving. Man is facing parked car. No crosswalk in road. Driver is near building entrance. Man is 1 step from parked car. Man is not walking. Man is 1 car length from driver. Man is not moving. 
The pedestrian is standing near their car. They are locking the car door. This is a campus area.  They are in the road. They are standing. They are facing a parked car. They are not far from this car. They are on the right side of the car. If a person finishes locking their car, they will cross in front of a car.
He is standing and talking to another person inside a car.  He is at the right edge of the road.  My car is close to him.  
The pedestrian is stopped at car. His car door is open. His head is looking down. One lane road. Car is on a campus. Parking lane to the right of car.  Pedestrian is in the parking lane.  Pedestrian is to the right of the car. 
The pedestrian is a older male. They are standing. They are unlocking a car. Urban area.  Crosswalk to the left of the car. They are by the road.  They are by the parked cars. 
Pedestrian is standing.  Pedestrian is facing away from road.  Campus area.  Parked cars.  2 lane road.  Sidewalks.  Pedestrian is next to road.   Pedestrian is next to parked car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is a little ahead of car.  
there is a pedestrian who looks like they're getting in or out of there car. they're not making any movement towards the street as the vehicle approaches.  there is a crosswalk on the left side of the street, but no other street markings. the road isn't narrow, but it's framed by trees on either side casting strobing shadows on the road.  the pedestrian is standing between the lane for parking and the driver's lane, facing away from the driver's lane.  the pedestrian is about 30 feet in front of the driver.  it's a campus setting with many pedestrians, so drivers should generally go slower and stop to let pedestrians cross. 
A middle-aged man is facing his car. He is looking in his car.   He is not facing the road. He is standing.  He is on the right side of the road.  He is not walking. He is in the parking lane. He is on the right side of our car.    He is not walking. 
   The car door is open.  
Pedestrian is standing still.  Pedestrian facing away from car.   Pedestrian is next to road.   Pedestrian is next to car.  Pedestrians' car door is open.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
Woman is walking slowly. Campus area. Night time. Sidewalk on right. She is in the road left of sidewalk. She is in front of car to the right. Car should slow.
The person is stopped. The driver is on a college campus. They are near a parking lot. The person is on the street. They are a couple feet from the curb. The person is in front of the driver.  
They were standing. Now, they are walking. There is parking nearby. There is no crosswalk.  They are walking towards the sidewalk. They are on the road.  They are 50 feet away. They are on the right.  Since they saw this car then started moving, they will move out of the way.
They are frantic. They are in one spot Night time. They are in road. They are on edge of road. They are close to car. Other cars are fast. Other cars are close to them. 
The pedestrian is walking slowly.  There are three lanes. There is a sidewalk to the right of the car. There are cars parked along the road on the left side of the car. They are in the road. They are close to the sidewalk. They are on the right side of the car. They are in front of the car. Other vehicles are passing them. Pedestrians won't cross when there are too many passing vehicles.
The person is standing in the middle of the street. The person backed up towards the sidewalk.  They might walk straight across the street. This car is going slow but speeding up. 
the person is walking.  the person has stepped down on the road. the car is maintaining its speed. the person is on the road. he is close to the car. 
The person is standing in the road. They are making a decision to cross or not.  There is a parking lot on the right side. The car is in a campus area.  The person is in the road. They are looking into the road.  The person is near the car. There are other cars driving in the road.  
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian reaches back to sidewalk.  Sidewalk.  Parking lot.  Building.  Parked cars. Dusk.   Pedestrian is 2 steps into the road.   Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is not far from car.   
The person is walking normally.  The person is on the sidewalk. They are a couple feet from the street.  
  They are on the sidewalk.  Since they saw this car approaching, they moved off of the road. 
She walked back up onto the sidewalk.    
the person is walking back fast.   the person is on the right side of the road. the car is maintaining its speed. 
    
Pedestrian walks to sidewalk.  Pedestrian steps onto sidewalk.   2 lane road car side.  Traffic light.  Pedestrian is a step into the road.   Pedestrian is in slightly right of car.  Pedestrian is very close to car.   
The pedestrian is getting on the sidewalk. She is getting out of the way of the car.   She is getting out of the road. She is still near the road.  She is near the car. There are other cars driving in the road.  
Pedestrian is on bicycle.  He has slowed cycling speed.   Construction cones right of car.  Apartment plaza.  Crosswalk.   Pedestrian is riding on road.  Continues to cycle on road.    Pedestrian is to right of car.  Car slowed due to other pedestrians and car turning.   cyclist yield to pedestrians.  Cyclists ride in same direction of traffic.  Leave safe distance from car and cyclist. 
The pedestrian is on a bike. They are male. They are biking at a steady pace. Rural area. Two-way lane.  They are on the road. They are on the right side of the lane. They are close to the car. They are approaching the crossing pedestrians. The cyclist is staying on the right side of the road to pass the red car that is turning left.
A young man is biking.  He is biking with traffic.  He is wearing a helmet so he is wise. There are pedestrians crossing the street. He is driving with traffic.   He is in the biking lane. He is on the right side of the car.  The car is a distance behind him. Typically bikers will move with the flow of traffic.  Be cautious, but they will not cross in front of the car.
They are walking. Two way lane. Bus stop on left.  They are on the road. They are heading across the road. They are in the lane of oncoming traffic. They are near other crossing pedestrians. They are approaching cyclists. They are in front of the car. They are two car lengths away from the car. Pedestrians crossing to the building on the right.
pedestrian is among a large cluster of pedestrians who are already crossing the road.   they are just left of the center yellow lines of the road walking towards the right.  the pedestrian is about 50 feet in front of the driver walking towards the driver's lane to cross.  
Cyclist is moving slowly. Cyclist is moving with driver. No crosswalk in road. Traffic cones in road. Cyclist is 3 steps from curb. Cyclist is on side of road. Cyclist is moving parallel with road. Cyclist is 1 car length from pedestrians. Cyclist is 1 car length from driver.  Cyclist can move passed pedestrians much easier and will likely just cross in front of driver and keep moving while driver continues to wait.
the cyclist is riding along the right edge of the roadway, in front of the driver. there's a second cyclist in front of him that he's following. they could potentially cross in front of the driver, but don't show any sign of wanting to and aren't signaling anything.  it's a narrow lane with traffic cones along the right edge.  the cyclist is on the right edge of the roadway riding in direction of traffic.  the cyclist is about 15 feet in front of the driver riding in the same direction as the driver.  
Cyclist is on bike.   Apartment complex.  Double yellow line.  Crosswalk.  Construction cones.   Cyclist is in road.   Cyclist is slightly right of car.  Cyclist is close to car.  Cyclists ride same direction as car.  Same road rules apply to cyclists as cars. 
Pedestrian on bicycle. Pedestrian maintaining a fast speed on bike.  masculine gender.  3 lane road. Residential area.  Pedestrian on right side of road.  Short distance from my car to pedestrian. Multiple pedestrians on foot and on bike crossing the road.  
the cyclist turned his head to look behind at the driver. seeing the driver behind a bit, the cyclist began crossing in front. the other cyclist ahead also crossed in front of the driver already.   the cyclist is riding in the middle of the driver's lane.  the cyclist is about 30 feet ahead of the driver now riding in the same direction.  
Person is walking slowly.  No crosswalk in road. Traffic cones are in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is moving straight across road.  Person is next to pedestrians. Person is 1 lane from bicylcist. Person is far from driver. Pedestrians are more likely to cross the road if multiple people are already crossing.
Cyclist increases speed.  Turns head to look where car is.   Double yellow line.   Cyclist is in road.    
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  Pedestrian is not looking at car.  Pedestrian is walking with others.  Apartment complex.  Double yellow line.  Construction cones.  Crosswalk.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Slow when approaching pedestrians crossing in street and cyclists. 
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is not acknowledging car.   construction cones.  Apartment complex. Crosswalk.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian walking path is to sidewalk.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is slowed/stopped.   Slow down for cyclists and pedestrians.  
Pedestrian is younger male. He is walking slowly right.  There is a stop light ahead. He is near campus housing. there are cones on road.  He is on the left side of the road. He is two steps away from crossing center yellow line. He is walking towards the right curb.  He is to the left of driver. He is 3 car lengths ahead of driver. He is 3 ft to the left of driver. He is crossing with a group.  
Their body is facing the opposite side of road. He is walking at a moderate pace.  Apartment building on right.  They are walking from left to right side of road. He is in the middle of lane on left side. Car has slowed down. Car in front is turning left. Group of pedestrians crossing road.  Two bikers on the right are traveling parallel to road.  
Student is crossing the road at a slow pace. They are in a group.  Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is not close to car.  In a group of pedestrians. 
He is crossing the left lane. He is walking.  Construction drums are around.  He is in the left lane.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down. Other pedestrians are in the car's way. Bicyclists are going in my lane.  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian is walking with others.     double yellow line.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.   
Student is walking across the street not looking at traffic.  They are in the middle of the road.  They are moving slow, not looking at oncoming traffic. 
The biker is looking at our car. He is speeding up.  He is now in the middle of the traffic lane.  He is moving with the flow of traffic.  He is in front of our car.   There is some distance between the man and our car. 
Cyclist turns head to see car.  Cyclist increases riding speed.  Sidewalks.   Cyclist is in road.   Cyclist is in front of car.  Cyclist is in middle of car lane.  
Bicyclist began to merge to the left.     He is crossing between pedestrians.  
Two students are facing the road. They are young. They are walking.    They are close to the road. They are on the left side of the road. They are walking into the road. They are far from our car. They are on the left side of our car.  
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Pedestrians are postured toward road. No crosswalk in road. Traffic cones in road. Pedestrians are 1 step from road. Pedestrians are walking straight across road. Pedestrians are behind other people. Pedestrians are walking at same speed as people.  Groups of pedestrians usually cross at the same time since traffic is already stopped.
They are walking toward the road. They are looking at the moving car.  Some construction signs are ahead.  They are close to the road. They are walking on the left sidewalk.  They are far from my car. They are following other pedestrians who are crossing. Two bicyclists are in the car's way.  
Pedestrians on left side.  They are walking briskly. One lane road, same direction.  Bike lane on left. Crosswalk ahead. Lots of pedestrians.  Pedestrians are looking straight ahead. They are walking from left to right side of street.  They are close to road.  Pedestrians are relatively close to my car.  Brakes lights on car in front.  Lots of pedestrians.  slow to stop when pedestrians in or approaching crosswalk.  Keep a safe distance from bicyclists.
Pedestrian is a young adult. They are walking. Rural area. Two way road. Cronstruction cones They are to the left of the road. They are on the sidewalk. They are facing the direction of the road. They are far from the car. They are near other pedestrians. Car is maintaining speed.  Sidewalk slopes down for where a crosswalk would be. Assumed pedestrians are crossing to reach the building on the right.
the pedestrians are slowly approaching the intersection on the far side. there's already a group halfway across the street that they could follow, but they're going slowly enough that they could decide to wait for traffic to clear first.  the roadway is quite narrow and there are traffic cones lining the roadway. there aren't any road markings indicating that the road could have been freshly paved.  they're a few feet away from the street on the left side, approaching the edge.  the pedestrians are about 30 feet in front of the driver. they're approaching the driver's path from the left side.  there's a large residential building on the corner of the intersection that could have a lot of pedestrian traffic. the roadway is also quite narrow, especially with all the traffic cones. drivers would generally stop to let pedestrians cross. 
Pedestrians are walking.   construction cones.  road to right of car.  Apartment complex.   Pedestrians are on sidewalk.  Pedestrians are to left of road.    Pedestrians are to the left of car.   Pedestrians have right away. 
Pedestrian showing intent to cross. residential block area. construction cones near vehicle. pedestrian on the sidewalk almost at the road pedestrian ahead of car. the car ahead is turning. bikes next to the car. 
Pedestrian is younger female. She is walking slowly  There is a stoplight ahead. There are cones on road. There is campus housing.  She is on the left side of the road. She is on the sidewalk. She is three steps away from the left side of the road.  She is to the left of driver. She is two car lengths away from driver. She is 7 ft to the left of driver.  
Pedestrians are walking slowly.  Apartment building to the right of car.  Pedestrians are on sidewalk. They are to the left of the road.  Pedestrians are to the left of the car. They are far from car. Car in front is close to pedestrians.  
The two students are not looking at our car. They are crossing the road. They are young. They are talking to each other. They are facing the opposite side of the road.  They are in the middle of the road.   They are on the left side of our car. They are close to our car. They are almost in front of our car. 
   Car is slowing down. 
one of the pedestrians looked at the driver to see if they were slowing or stopping. then they looked forward again and slightly increased their walking speed indicating they'll cross in front of the driver.  here there are road markings. the oncoming lane looks like it has white lane dividers in the middle of the lane, but looks to narrow to have two lanes. along with the traffic cones, it looks like this intersection or road is currently being redone.  the pedestrians are halfway across the oncoming lane of traffic walking towards the right.  the pedestrians are about 20 feet in front of the driver and approaching the driver's lane. they are following another group of pedestrians who are just finishing crossing the road.  
Pedestrians maintain walking speed.  Pedestrians walking with others.   Crosswalk.   Pedestrians stepping into road.    
Pedestrians walked across road. Body language shows they are conversing. Pedestrians are two males and one female. Pedestrians are students. The car is on a one lane road. Pedestrians are on the right side of the road. They are a few steps from the curb.  They are to the right of the car.  
Pedestrian started to jog.    
Pedestrian is increasing speed to a jog.   Pedestrian is in the far-right lane.  Pedestrian is still a little away from the car.  
He started running toward my lane. He is running to the right sidewalk.  There is a pedestrian sign ahead.  He is at the left edge of my lane.  He is far from my car. My car is slowing down.  
Pedestrian begins running.    Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is crossing to sidewalk.   Pedestrian is to the left of car.   
Pedestrian is walking. He is a college aged male  Campus area  Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. He is walking to the right across it  Pedestrian is in front of vehicle  Yield to pedestrians 
Pedestrians are jogging.  Crosswalk.  Pedestrian crosswalk sign.  Campus area.  2 lane road.  Parked cars.   Pedestrians are almost in middle of road.  Pedestrians are not too far from car.  Pedestrians are slightly left of car.  Slow/caution when approaching pedestrian crosswalk and when pedestrians jogging across street.  
The person in the green shirt is already halfway across the street, jogging to the right. They're about to enter the driver's path and there's another person in front of them already crossing. They definitely intend to cross at a jog.  There is a crosswalk just in front of the driver and possibly another crosswalk further ahead. There's a row of parked cars on either side of the road. It looks like a campus area with dorm buildings on either side of the road.  They are in the very middle of the road, facing and jogging to the right towards the opposite side of the road.  They are about 50 feet ahead of the driver and in the middle of a group of 3 pedestrians.  In a heavy pedestrian traffic area, vehicles will often stop to let pedestrians cross. 
The students are walking fast.
 The road is narrow. They are in campus. They did not use crosswalk. They are in the middle of the road. This car is far from them. There is a person ahead of them. They are behind a truck.
 
There are two people running. They look like college students. They both look like they are male. The location looks like a school campus. They are already on the road. They are on the left side of the road. There is another person in front of them. He is running.  
pedestrian is running. cross walk seen on right distance between car and pedestrian large.  
the pedestrian is male, young, walking fast  he is in the middle of the road he is far from the car, other pedestrians are on the car's way 
They are not looking at the car. They are walking fast. Narrow two-lane road is easy to cross. They are crossing. They are in middle of road. They are moderately ahead of Car. Car is moving at a moderate speed. Other is crossing as well. 
Pedestrian is running. Their body is facing opposite side of road. Crosswalk ahead. Pedestrian walking sign. Campus area. They are in middle of road. They are running from left side to right side of road.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance. Multiple pedestrians running across and one has already crossed. Car is maintaining speed.  
They are walking fast. They are face to the right. Two lane road. Campus area. Crosswalk but they are not using it. Clear weather. Good road condtions. They are in the center of road. They are close to the car and other cars. They are in front of the car. 
Walking normally. One lane with parked cars on the side. Middle of two lanes. Far from this vehicle. Pedestrians crossing while cars are far or not around.
They are walking quickly.

  they are closer to the right side curb. They started to walk. The car slowed down. 
They are now walking at a fast pace.    
Target pedestrians walking normally. College campus. Middle of the two lane road. Far from this vehicle. Crossing road when no cars are driving near.
The pedestrian is walking quickly toward the sidewalk to the right of the car. They have crossed the street.  They are moving out of the road. They are moving to the sidewalk.  
Man is walking slowly.  He is on sidewalk right of road. He is right of car. Car should slow.
They are a young male. They are walking. they are in a right turn lane. They are in the middle of the road.  they are 15 meters from the car. 
A person is crossing the road. They are walking toward the sidewalk.  They are old. The sun is setting. They are walking toward the sidewalk. They are in our lane of traffic. They are on the the right side of the road. They are far from our car. They are in front of our car.   
The pedestrian is halfway through the lane right in front of the car.    
Man is walking quickly.  Man is walking in road. Man is walking in front of car on left. Man is in the driving lane and will continue to cross.
They are walking. They are not looking.   They are walking to the right. They are on the road.  They are 200 feet away. They are on the left.  
The pedestrian is actively crossing in front of the car. They are walking at an average speed.   They are in the middle of the road. They are walking into the road.  The car is maintaining speed. They are closer to the car now than before. The other car is passing them.  
This person quickly moves out of the way.  This person is on the right-most lane of the road. They are walking to the sidewalk nearest them. This car is moving quickly. The person is a fair distance from this car. 
They are walking. They are not looking.  There is no crosswalk.  They are on the road. They are crossing to the right. They are in the middle of the road.  They are 200 feet away. They are far away.  Since they are crossing and this car is far away, they will finish crossing. 
The pedestrian is crossing the road. There is a traffic light ahead. They are walking to the right from the left side of the road. The pedestrian is walking in front of the car. They are to the left. They are crossing right. 
Pedestrian is walking. They are moving briskly.   They are in the road. They are walking out of the road. They are moderately ahead of the car. Other cars are moving quickly. 
The person is almost at the sidewalk.  The person is still about 50+ feet in front of the car. The car is maintaining 29 miles per hour. 
The pedestrian is walking on the sidewalk. He is walking away from the car. He is no longer in the road.   He is on the right side of the road on the sidewalk. He is walking away from the road.  He is close to the car. The car is maintaining speed. He is on the left side of the car. The other car is close to him too. They are maintaining speed.  
  I thought he was attempting to cross the other way and returned.  
Man has crossed.    
Pedestrian is slowly walking. Male. He is looking towards oncoming traffic.   Pedestrian is in the left lane of a two lane road.  Pedestrian is to the left of car. He is close to car.  
the pedestrian turned towards the vehicle is walking along the median. they seem like they are waiting for traffic to clear before crossing and won't cross in front of the vehicle.   they are in the median of the road, on the edge of the left lane.  they are about 50 feet in front of the driver although separated by an extra lane.  
Pedestrian slows walking speed.  Pedestrian sees car.    Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is maintaining driving speed.   
Pedestrian sees the car.   They are walking diagonally towards the car.  
The group of pedestrians were walking toward the road. They were walking at a normal pace.  There are three driving lanes across. They stopped before stepping into the driving lane.  This car is approaching them. It is moving quickly. It is in the lane closest to them. 
Pedestrians are standing still. Pedestrians are facing road. Road is wide. No crosswalk in road. Pedestrians are 2 steps from road.  Pedestrians are 1 car length from parked car. 
There are 3 pedestrians. There is an adult male and two adult females. They are standing. They are facing the road.  They are downtown. There are buildings. There is a bike lane. They are 2 feet away from the curb. They are 3 feet away from the road.  They are 35 feet away from the vehicle. They are 6 feet away from parked vehicles on the right side of the road.  
They are standing. They are looking. They are a group of people.  There is no crosswalk. There is street parking. This is a three-lane road.  They are facing the left. They are in the parking lane.  They are on the right. They are 100 feet away. They are approaching fast. Since this car is moving fast and there is no crosswalk, they will wait to cross behind this car, or this car will slow down to let them cross. 
The people walk up to the road at a casual pace. This is a one-way road. The people are on the right parking lane. They intend to walk to the left sidewalk. The people are far away from this car. This car is going quite quickly and is unlikely to stop. 
Three people are approaching the street. They want to cross. They are older adults.  They are on the right side of the road. They are in the parking lane.  They are far from our car. They are on the right side of our car. Our car is moving fast at 33 miles per hour.  Our car is moving fast so pedestrians should wait to cross.
 There is a pedestrian.  They are a young male. They are standing. they are next to the bike lane. They are on the right side of the road. They are next to the bike lane. they are a meter from the curve. They are 50 feet from the car. they are on the right side of the road. 
Person is standing.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 5 steps from the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of driver. Person is 40 meters from driver. 
Two people walking quickly to cross. 4 lane road on a busy city street. The sky is clear. There is a bike lane separating the parking lane and road. They are in the parking lane to the right of the road. They are near parked cars and up ahead to the right of this car. The road is too wide and busy for the people to cross. Car should slow when close.
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Pedestrians looking at driver pass.  Pedestrians are 2 steps from road. Pedestrians are walking straight across road. Pedestrians are 1 car length from driver. 
The people stop walking and stand still to wait.   They are to the right of this car. This car is moving quickly. 
Person is walking slowly.    Person is walking too slow to cross. Car should slow.
The person walks slowly. They walk with a lumbering step.  The person is on the right side of the road. They intend to cross to the left side of the road. They are to the right of this car. This car is near the person. This car is traveling too fast to stop. 
They took a small step.    Since they waited, traffic kept moving. They will cross at a later time.
The old man is walking slow.   There is a crosswalk light.  It is cloudy. He is in the road.  He is on the right side of the road. He is crossing to the left side of the street.  He is near our car.  He is on the right side of our car. Our car is going fast and not slowing down.  
Person is walking slowly. Driver is near a crosswalk. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 1 step on the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of driver. Person is 15 meters from driver. 
Person is standing still. Person is holding object. Crosswalk in road. Traffic light in road. Traffic sign in road. Person is 1 step from curb.  Person is 1 car length from driver. Person is not moving. 
The pedestrian is slowly walking in the street towards the right and towards the center yellow lines. It's difficult to tell at this distance with the poor lighting.  It's a two-lane road with a row of parking on each side. There is a red traffic light ahead, but no other visible signs or crosswalk.  They are in the left oncoming lane of traffic walking towards the center of the road.  They are about 75 feet in front of the driver and off to the left, walking towards the right.  
The person is waiting on middle of road. There is no crosswalk.  the car is moving fast. 
Pedestrian is standing.  Red traffic light ahead. Dark out.  They are in the middle of road. Their walking path is from left to right side of road.  Pedestrian is on left side of car.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   night time.  parked cars both sides of road.  traffic light.  Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.  Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Caution when driving at night with pedestrians crossing.  
Pedestrian is walking. It is dark  Pedestrian is in the oncoming lane. They are walking to the right.  Pedestrian is in front of vehicle Yield to pedestrians 
the pedestrian is a male, young, walking fast low visibility he is in the middle of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way slow driving
They are moving moderately.  Red light ahead. They are in road. They are crossing. They are in middle of road. They are moderately ahead of car. Car is slowing down.  
person is walking slowly.   person is standing in the middle of the opposite lanes.  person is far from this car. this car is driving slow. car ahead is slowing down. 
Pedestrians are walking toward the right side. Stop light ahead. They are in the middle of the road. They are far from the car. 
There is a person walking at a normal pace. Gender, age, and occupation are hard to tell. It's in the evening. The location looks like downtown. They are on the left side of the road.  
The pedestrian stepped into the driver's lane and quickly sped up to cross in front of the driver to the right.  It's night out and there's a lot of glare off of all the street lights and store-front lights causing low visibility.  They are just right of the center yellow lines, quickly walking towards the right side of the road.  They are about 40 feet in front of the driver and crossing in front of the driver's lane to the right.  
They started walking past the yellow line.   The car is slowing down for them. They cannot wait longer in the middle of road.
They have started to walk. Their body is facing opposite side of road.   Pedestrian and car are close in distance. They have started to walk into cars lane. 
Pedestrians increase walking speed.  Shops.  Building.  4 lane road across. Pedestrians are in middle of road.  Pedestrians are in front of car.  Pedestrians are some distance from car.  
They are crossing.   Driver is slowing down for pedestrian.   
There are two people. They look like a couple.    
They crossed.   They are on the right side of the road. They are to the right of the car. 
Pedestrians maintain walking speed.   Pedestrians are a few feet into the road.   Pedestrians are in front of car.  pedestrians are not too far from car.  Pedestrians are close to parked vehicle. 
Pedestrians are maintaining speed.  Pedestrians are in middle of road. Car slowed down. Pedestrian and car are two car lengths away. 
They are crossing.  They are in middle of road. They are ahead of road. Driver slows down.
they are walking faster.  they are in the middle of the road. they are near this car. 
There are two people walking. They both look female. They look like adults. The location is a neighborhood. The two people are on the left side of the car. They are already on the road.  The cars are supposed to stop for pedestrians to cross.
person is walking.  road is narrow.  person is on left side of the road.  person is far from this car. car is driving slowly. 
The pair of pedestrians stepped into the road on the left side and is walking towards the right. They definitely intend to cross. There's also a pair stepping into the road on the opposite side that are crossing and could contribute towards it feeling okay to cross.  It's a small two-lane brick road in a heavy small-business shopping and residential area. There's no street markings whatsoever.  They are on the left side of the road walking towards the middle of the road to the right.  They are about 50 feet in front of the driver and walking to the right towards the driver's lane.  Vehicles will almost always yield to pedestrians here with the low traffic speed and high pedestrian volume. 
The pedestrians are walking fast. They are on the left side of the road.     
Pedestrians are walking   Pedestrians are on the left side of the road. They are walking to the right.  Pedestrians are in front of vehicle  Yield to pedestrians 
the pedestrian is a female, walking slow, young  she is close to the left sidewalk she is far from the car, other pedestrians are on the car's way 
The pedestrians are walking towards the right side of the road. They are walking at a normal rate of speed. Location is a residential area. The are many cars parked on both sides of the road. The pedestrians are walking from the left side of the road to the right. The pedestrians are fairly close to the car. The car is maintaining speed. 
They are moving briskly. They do not see car. two lane road They are crossing. They are in road. They are far ahead of car. Car is moving slowly. 
Their body is facing opposite side of road. They are walking into road. Stores on right.  They are on left side of road. They are crossing from left to right side of road.  They are on left side of car. Car is drivng slow. Other pedestrians on right side of road are crossing. Parked cars along side both sides of road.  
Pedestrians are walking moderately.  Pedestrians do not acknowledge car. Parked cars.  Shops.  2 lane road.  glare from sun. Pedestrians are a few feet into road. Pedestrians are some distance from car.  Pedestrians are to left of car.  Pedestrians are close to parked vehicle. 
The pedestrian is walking into the street. They are walking with another person. There are two lanes. There are cars parked along road on the right side of the car. This is a residential area. Houses are on the right side. A grassy field is on the left. They are on the left side of the car. They stepped into the road to cross. They are not very close to this car. Another vehicle just passed them.  In a residential area, pedestrians cross in places where there is no crosswalk.
He is walking toward my lane from the left side.   He is in the left lane.  He is far from my car.  
the pedestrian is walking slowly towards the center of the roadway, but they are too far away to tell if they intend to wait or to cross in front of the vehicle.  it's a plain two-way road with center yellow dividing lines.  they are about halfway across the oncoming lane of the roadway, walking towards the center yellow lines.  they are about 100-150 feet in front of the driver walking towards the driver's lane.  
A person is walking into the road.  They are facing the opposite side of the street.  They are in the opposite traffic lane. They are in the road. They are far from our car. They are on the left side of our car.  
Pedestrian is walking slowly.  Residential area.  Double yellow line.  Parked cars to right of car.   Pedestrian is a few steps in road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic. 
The pedestrian is an adult male. They are maintaining walking speed. Rural residential area with a park. Two way road. Parked cars on one side. They are in the lane of the opposite direction. Their walking path is to the other side of the road. The pedestrian is ahead of the car. The car maintains speed.  
 He is a facing direction he is crossing Two lane road. Field on left, residential area on right.  Cars parked on right side of road.   Pedestrian is entering oncoming lane. . Pedestrian is walking across the street from left to right.  Pedestrian is a safe distance from my car.  
Person is walking fast.  No crosswalk in road. Person is 2 steps onto road. Person is moving straight across road.  Person is far from driver. Person is near car. Person is slow. 
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.   Rural area.  Parked cars to right of car.  Double yellow line on road.  2 lane road total.   Pedestrian is few steps into road. Pedestrian's walking path is across road.    They are to the left of car.  Pedestrian is still some distance from car.   
Pedestrian is male. He is walking slowly right.   He is in the middle of the left lane. He is walking towards the right lane. He is only 5 steps away from left curb.  He is to the left of driver. He is 7 car lengths away from driver. He is 2-3 ft to the left of driver.  
There is only one pedestrian. He begins to run across the road.    
pedestrian began to jog in order to cross in front of the vehicle. their posture changed and their leg is kicked out behind them as they run.   they are just about at the center lines of the road. they are jogging to the right to cross.  they are about 100 feet in front of the driver.  
A man has started running to the opposite side of the street.  He is in the middle of the road. He is in front of our car. He is still far away from our car. 
Pedestrian begins running.    Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
The pedestrian starts running across the road.    The pedestrian picks up the space to cross before the car approaches.
Pedestrian begins running.   Parking area right of car.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is crossing road.   Pedestrian is in front of car.  Car stopped on right side of car waiting for pedestrian.   
he is running.   He is crossing the double yellow lines. He is running towards the right side of the road.   
He is walking slowly. He is a man.   He is in the oncoming lane. He is walking to the right.  He is in front of and to the left of the vehicle Yield to pedestrians. 
They are walking briskly. They see the car.  They are crossing. They are in road. They are far ahead of car. Car is moving slowly. 
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   Residential area.  2 lane road car sign.  Cloudy.  Parking lot.   Pedestrian is a few feet into road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic. Slow/caution when pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly. Their body is facing the opposite side of road.   He is walking from right to left side of road. He is a few feet off the curb. Car is maintaining speed.  They are on left side of car. 
The person is walking in the oncoming lane of traffic toward the right. They are walking kind of slowly, but they're at an angle so they might not see the driver coming. There is no other traffic from the oncoming lane so the road is clear other than the driver.  It's a four-lane road without shoulders, but there's sidewalks on either side. There's a large apartment building on the right side of the street being built and construction equipment parked on the left of the road.  They are several feet into the road from the left side, walking at an angle forward and to the right across the road.  They are about 75 feet in front of the driver and several lanes to the left of the driver's lane. They're approaching the driver's lane from the left an angle.  
the construction worker is in middle age, slow walking  he is close to the left side of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
pedestrian is on far left of the car.  distance between car and pedestrian small. car is moving fast 
person is walking slow.   person is walking on the opposite lane. person is far from this car. car is driving slow. 
He is walking. He faced toward the right side.  He is on the left side of the road. He is far from the car. 
There is a person walking at a normal pace. He looks like a construction worker. The location looks like a neighborhood.  He is on the left side of the road. He has already stepped onto the road.  
He is standing still. He waved at the vehicle.   He is in the middle of the road  He is standing in front of and to the left of the vehicle  
They are coming to a stop.    
Pedestrian stops walking.   2 lane road car side.  residential area.  cloudy.   Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is slightly left of car.   
He is maintaining slow walking speed. His body is facing opposite side of street. His head is facing car.   He is in middle of road.  Car and pedestrian are close in distance. Car has slowed down speed. 
The pedestrian turned their head to the right to look at the driver and started to slow as they saw the driver coming.   They're almost to the midway point of the road, coming from the left. They slowed down as they made their way across.  They are about 30 feet in front of the driver and about six feet to the left of the driver's path.  
  he is in the middle of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
pedestrian has stopped walking. He is waiting for car to cross.    
person waived at driver. person is going to the construction site.  person is close to this car. this car slowed down.  
He stopped.  Driver slowed down for the pedestrian. He is in the middle of the road. He is close to the car. Pedestrian waved hand to allow driver to pass.
   The person is still on the left side of the car. He looks like he is waiting for the car to pass. 
Person is walking. Person is facing straight across road. No crosswalk in road. Road could have snow on it.  Person is in middle of road. Person is moving straight across road. Person is far from driver. Person is moving slower than driver. 
He is walking in the middle of the road. He is looking at my car.   He is at the lane divider of the road.  He is far from my car. My car is slowing down.  
Pedestrian is standing still. Two lane road with turning lane to left of car.  Residential looking area with parking lot to left in apartment complex.  Pedestrian is standing in middle of road.   Pedestrian is far from car.  Car speed is being maintained. 
His body is facing opposite side of road. He is standing still.   He has a clear path. He is walking from left to right side of road. He is in middle of road.  He is far from car. Car is driving slower speed.  
The pedestrian is walking in the middle of the road. There are 5 lanes. This is a residential area.  They are in the middle of the road.  They are on the left side of the car. The car is moving quickly.  
Pedestrian is younger male. He is walking slowly right  It is cloudy. It is a wide 5 lane road. There is snow,  He has just crossed center yellow line. He is in the left turn lane. He is walking towards the right side of the road.  He is to the left of driver. He is 4 car lengths away from driver. He is 5 ft to the left of driver.  
Pedestrian has moderate walking speed. Apartment complex to left of car. Parking lot.  Cloudy.  4 lane road with center turning lane.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Slow/caution when pedestrians are standing in middle of road. 
Person is walking slow.  They are facing the right side of the road.  They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing to the right side of the road.   They are close to oncoming traffic. They are far from our car. They are on the left side of our car. 
the pedestrian could very likely easily cross in front of the driver, but they are walking very slowly and hesitantly. they could be waiting for the driver to pass or they could speed up and cross.  the road looks dry, but there is snow piled in the curb of the road so there could be hidden slick spots.  they are slowly walking to the right. they are about in the center of the road.  the pedestrian is about 150 feet in front of the driver, about six feet from the driver's path.  
The pedestrian is walking. They are maintaining speed. Urban area. Two-way lane with a left turn lane. They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing to the right side. They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed.  
Person is walking slowly.   Person is in a turn lane. Person is walking diagonally. Person is 2 steps from drivers lane. Person is slower than driver. Driver can tell by man's speed and direction he is waiting until driver passes to cross. 
He is slowly walking toward my lane.  The road is clear ahead.  He is in the left lane of mine.  He is close to my car. My car is increasing speed.  
He is stopped with hands in pockets.     Car is still maintaining speed.  Car and pedestrian are close in proximity.   
He is walking slow.    Car is driving fast. Car is close to pedestrian.  
Pedestrian slows walking speed.   Sidewalk both sides.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is slightly ahead of car.  
He is a young man. He is walking slow. He is facing our car.  He is walking down the road.  He is in the middle of the road. He is in a turn lane. He is moving toward our car. He is walking parallel to our car. 
the pedestrian is walking diagonally towards the vehicle and towards the sidewalk across the street. they are walking slowly so as to cross behind the driver, once the driver passes.   the pedestrian is walking in the left-turn lane of the roadway, diagonally against traffic and towards the sidewalk across the street.  they are about 50 feet in front of the driver and walking diagonally towards the driver's path.  
The pedestrian sees the car. They are stopping.  They are in the left turn lane adjacent to the car.  
Man is walking slowly. Residential area. sunny day. Man is walking in road on the right. Man is on the left of car. Car should slow but not stop.
The pedestrian is walking straight at an average speed. They are not looking at the car.  It is in a residential area. There are cars parked on the side of the road.  They are on the right side of the road. They are walking straight towards the road.  They are very far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. They are in front of the car on the right side. There is another car driving the opposite direction. They are close to that car. The car is maintaining speed.  
Pedestrian is walking.   Residential area.  Double yellow line.  Sidewalks both sides of street.  Parked cars.   Pedestrian is steps from road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  
They are entering road. They are slowing down. They are looking at car.  They are in road. They are trying to cross. They are far ahead of the car. Car is moving fast. Other car is moving fast. If there is ample opportunity to cross, don't block cars.
They are standing. There is no crosswalk.  They are on the road. They are facing the left. They are on the right. They are very far away. Since this car is moving towards them and there is no crosswalk, they will not cross unless this car slows down.
The person is walking slowly. The driver is in a neighborhood. They are next to the road. They are on the curb. They are near parked cars. They are in front of the driver. 
The pedestrian is walking near the road. They might be on a bike. This is a  two lane road in a residential area. There are cars parked along both sides of the road.  It looks like they are going to cross the road. This car is far from the pedestrian. The car is moving fast enough to reach them quickly. Cars let pedestrians pass in residential areas. A car will stop if it is safe.
the person is walking fast.  the person is on the right side of the road. the car is maintaining its speed. the person is far from the car. 
 This is a residential area. The pedestrian is several feet away from the car. The person is standing on the edge of the street. Most vehicles are parked on the sides of the street. There is one car in oncoming traffic. In residential areas people tend to cross the street anywhere, not necessarily at a crosswalk.
The pedestrian is slowing down/stopping. They are looking at the car. They will not cross.    They are closer to the car than before. They are very close to the other car. The other car is maintaining speed. It is passing the pedestrian. My car is also maintaining speed.  
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian slows walking speed.   Pedestrian is few steps into road.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
The person is walking slowly.  They are in the road. They are several feet from the curb. They are next to the driver. They are trying to make eye contact with the driver.
The pedestrian is walking slowly toward the road. She is an adult female.  She is going to cross the road. This car will pass the pedestrian if they both continue at the same speed.  
the person has stopped walking. she is watching the car.  the person is on the right side of the road. the car is maintaining its speed. the person stopped walking.  
  The pedestrian is walking farther into the street. She is walking very slow. The car is moving quickly.  There are no other cars in the path of the pedestrian. 
They crossed.  They are on the right side of road. They are to the right of the car. Driver becomes careful around pedestrians.
He continues to walk.  He crosses the street.  
Pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. Downtown area. Traffic signal ahead. Pedestrian just entered the left lane. Pedestrian is far ahead of vehicle. To the left of vehicle. 
Target is standing. Target is male.  One way road. Traffic signal. Parking garage. Target is standing in the left parking lane. Target is far ahead of the driver and to the left. Target is to the left of all pedestrians. 
There is a person walking. They are facing the other side of the road.   They are on the left side of the road.  They are in front of this car. They are pretty far from this car. There are a lot of other people in the road.  
He is standing at the left edge of the road. He is looking at my car.   He is close to the road.  He is far from my car.  
Pedestrian is stopped. Pedestrian is waiting to cross. Pedestrians crossing intent is not clear.   Pedestrian is very far from car. Car is far from pedestrian. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory. Car's trajectory would intersect pedestrians trajectory. pedestrians in area are crossing illegally. Pedestrian may follow along with behavior of other pedestrians. 
The pedestrian departed the side walk. The stepped into the road.  The car is on a city street.  The pedestrian is approaching the road from the left side.  The pedestrian is on the left side of the car.  
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrain is faced to the right side of road. Three lane road. Cars parked on both sides. Pedestrian is on the left side of road. Pedestrian is far from the car. 
Person is walking normally. They are male.  Road has 3 lanes. Road is one-way. Road is near downtown area.  They are near road. They are left of road. They are far from car. They are left of car. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
He is walking in the direction to cross the street.  Other pedestrians are crossing the street before him.  
Target is walking. Target is walking at an average pace. Traffic signal. Target is in the middle lane of the one way road. Target is directly in front of driver. 
He is walking on the road from the left side. He is looking at my car.   He is already on the road.  He is close to my car. My car slowed down as other pedestrians just crossed.  
Pedestrian has entered roadway. Pedestrian is crossing.     
He is crossing.  He is on right side of road. He is to the right of car. Car slowed down for pedestrian and moved to the left.
  Person in road. Person in middle lane. Person near car. Person in front of car. Let person cross.
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 25 meters from the driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
Target is male. Target is walking slowly. One way road. Traffic signal. Target is to the right of the road. Target is right of the driver. 
The man is walking slowly in diagonal direction. It is a three lane one way wide road. The person is on the right side of the road with the group. He is the first person in the group. The car is moving fast. He is far from the car and walking casually. 
The target is facing the road. They are walking along the side of the road. The car is on a one way road. The car is on a city road. They are walking in the parking lane. They are in the street. They are to ahead to the right of the car. 
Pedestrian is adult. Pedestrian is entering roadway. pedestrian is walking. pedestrian sees car and appears to be wainting for it to cross.  road has high pedestrian traffic.  pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to traffic. Car is close to pedestrian. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory. Car's trajectory would intersect pedestrians trajectory. 
There is a person walking. He is looking towards this car.   He is to the right of the road. He is getting ready to enter the driving lanes.  He is in front of this car. He is to the right of the car. There are a lot of other people in this area.  
He is walking in a diagonal direction to the road. He is looking at my car.   He is walking at the right edge of the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
They are walking.  They are looking across the road.  
Person is walking normally. Person is male. Road is 3 lanes. Road is one-way. Road is near downtown area. Person is near road. Person is right of road. They are near car. They are right of car. 
He is walking. He is faced to the left. Three lane road. City area. He is on the right side of the road. He is about two car lengths ahead of the car. 
  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 5 steps on the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 10 meters from the driver. Person is 4 steps from the driver path. 
  Target is in the rightmost lane. Target is walking from right to left across the road. Target is directly right of driver. Target is walking slowly towards driver. Target saw driver and walked slow enough to not cross in front.
The pedestrian is walking along the side of the road. They are in the parking lane.  The car is on a one way road. The car is on a city road. They are in the road. They are near the right sidewalk. They are slowly waking on the right of the car. pedestrian displaying intent with eye contact.
   The car is going to fast for him to cross.  
They are walking.  My car is passing before they can cross.  
  Person is in right lane. Car is moving fast. Car is close to person. 
He is walking at same speed. The car is going to fast for the pedestrian to cross. He is in first lane. He is to the right of the car. 
There is a person walking. The location looks like a small town. The sun is setting. She is in the middle of the road. One cannot tell if she is trying to cross to the right side or left side of the car.  
the young male is walking slow.  he is in the middle of the road he is far, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
They are not looking at car. They are moving slowly.  They are crossing. They are walking diagonally. They are far ahead of car. Car is moving moderately.  
Pedestrian is walking slowly. One way road.  4 lanes.  Parking on left side of road.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is in lane right of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.   
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is walking  Pedestrian is in middle of raod. Pedestrian is far from the car. 
It looks like the person is just walking down the middle of the road without wanting to reach either side of the road.   They're in the very middle of the road, along the center white lane divider. They're walking slowly with the flow of traffic down the center.  The pedestrian is about 100 feet in front of the driver walking along the right edge of the driver's path.  
His body is facing opposite side of road.  Three lane road. One way traffic flow.  He is in the middle of road. He is walking from right side of road to left. His walking path is clear.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance. Car is driving a slower speed. Pedestrian is on right side of car.  
person is walking slowly.  road is wide.  person is on the middle of the road. person is far from this car. this car is driving slow. there is an emergency flashing lights up ahead. 
pedestrian is walking on right side of road.   distance between car and person is large  
The person is male. He looks like a construction worker.  He is now walking to the left side of the car.  
  he is on the left side of the road, close to the sidewalk he is close to the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
   They are walking away from the car. 
Pedestrian is walking. He is faced to the left of the road.  Middle of the road. He is ahead of the car. Driver reduces speed when close to pedestrian.
The pedestrian started walking toward the right at an angle. They still could change their course and cross, but it looks like they're slowly making their way to the right side of the road now, away from the driver's path. There's a 30 mile per hour speed limit.  The person is now in the third lane from the left, slowly walking to the right.  They are about 75 feet in front of the driver. They're in the lane to the right of the driver's lane making their way further right towards the right side of the road.  
He has seen car. Then he stopped walking.     
person walked to the right side of the road.    
Pedestrian is walking to the left. He is looking at vehicle.   Pedestrian is in the road. He is walking to the left. He is crossing the road  Pedestrian is in front of vehicle. 
The person changed their direction more and turned to the left. They turned to look at the driver and are now walking aimed towards the left side of the road, to cross in front of the driver.   They are still in the very middle of the road, but now turned towards the left and taking a step to the left to cross towards the sidewalk.  They are about 30 feet in front of the driver, on the right edge of the driver's lane.  
They turned abruptly.  They are walking quickly.  They are crossing. They are in the road. They are close to the car. 
He has started to walk slowly.   He has started to walk into the left-most lane. Car has slowed down more. Car and pedestrian are close in distance. He has started to walk into cars lane.  
person walked back left to cross the street.     
He crossed.  He is on left side of road. He is next to the car.  Car slows down for pedestrian.
He is walking toward my lane. He is looking at my car.   He is in the left-most lane. He is far from my car. My car is slowing down. other people are in the car's way.  
The pedestrian is walking upright. He looks like an adult male. This is a retail area. There are three driving lanes. The middle lane is a turning lane. There are several driveways along the sides of the road. He is walking in the road. He is crossing it. There are other pedestrians crossing the road in front of him. He is on the left side of the car.  Crossing with a group of pedestrians usually means everyone in the group will cross. 
The man is walking.  There is a crosswalk. He is in the street crossing already. There are other people crossing ahead of him.  If there is a crosswalk, it is expected that cars will yield to pedestrians. 
Pedestrian is an older male. He is walking slowly right.  There is a cross walk. There is heavy foot traffic.  He is on left side of road. He is two steps from entering left turning lane. He is 7 steps away from left curb. He is walking right.  He is to the left of driver. He is 5 car lengths away from driver. He is 7 feet to the left of driver. He is crossing with another person.  
Pedestrian is walking at moderate speed   3 lane road.  turning lane in center.   Pedestrian is few steps into road.   Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Slow when approaching pedestrians crossing street.  
Pedestrian walking briskly. He is facing forward.  Resort/commercial area.  Pedestrians will follow other pedestrians crossing.  No traffic signal present Pedestrian is at a safe distance from my car. He is crossing from left to right.  Other pedestrians present  Pedestrian using a crosswalk area.  He is relatively close to my car.  No other vehicles on road.  
Pedestrian is walking slowly.  He is carrying packages.   Resort/commercial area.  Pedestrian is crossing in the crosswalk.   Pedestrian entering street.  He is crossing from left to right.  He is in crosswalk.  Pedestrian is a distance away.  He is not close to any other road users.   Slow or stop when pedestrians in crosswalk 
Person is walking slowly. Crosswalk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 2 steps away from Person B. Person is 4 steps from person C.  Groups of pedestrians usually cross together. Driver usually yields at crosswalks regardless of signs.
Pedestrian has a slow walking speed. Turning lane to left of car.  Businesses on both sides.   Pedestrian is couple steps into the road.   Pedestrian is quite a distance away.  Other pedestrians are walking in street.   Pedestrians have the right away 
An older man is walking into the street.  He is facing the right side of the road.  He is on the left side of the road. He is in the road.  He is walking toward the right side of the road. He is walking in front of another car. When people are walking in a group, they will continue crossing.  Crossing is more common near restaurants and tourist attractions.
pedestrian is walking behind a group of people crossing the road.   pedestrian is in the oncoming lane. pedestrian is walking to the right.  pedestrian is 50-100 feet in front of the vehicle.  
They are walking at a normal pace. They are a middle aged man. They are looking at the car. Two way lane with center turning lane. They are on the left side of the road. They are crossing to the right. They are in the road. They are distanced ahead of the car. There are pedestrians walking the same speed. Multiple pedestrians crossing., proceed with caution.
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian does not see car.  Restaurant.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is in opposite lane.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
He is maintaining walking speed in relation to other pedestrians.    Pedestrian is in middle of street continuing walking towards opposite side of road.    He is in close proximity to car.  Car is slowing down as approaching the pedestrians.   
The pedestrian is an older female. She is walking slowly right.  There is  a crosswalk. There is heavy foot traffic.  She is in the middle of the turning lane. She is still closer to the left side of the road. She is 10 steps from the left side of the road. She is walking towards the right side of the road. She is to the left of driver. She is 4 car lengths away from driver. She is 4 ft to the left of driver.  She is crossing with another pedestrian.  
Person is walking at a normal pace.    They are in the middle of the road.  They are far from our car. They are on the left side of our car.  The are walking perpendicular to the car. 
the pedestrian is walking slowly to the right and is already halfway across the road. there are several other pedestrians crossing the road as well that make it even more likely they cross.  there are only two main lanes, but a wide center shared left-turn lane in the middle.  pedestrian is in the shared left-turn lane walking towards the right.  they are about 100 feet ahead of the vehicle approaching the vehicle's path.  
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  Pedestrian is not aware of car approaching.   turning lane to left of car.  Business/restaurant area.  2 lane road with turning lane in middle.     Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is walking to other side.   Pedestrian is to left of car.   Pedestrians have the right away.  
The pedestrian is maintaining speed. They are an adult. Retail area. Two way road with center turn lane. They are in the middle of the road. They are walking with other pedestrians. They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. 
He is walking from the left side to cross the road.   He is in the left lane.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down. Other people are in the car's way.  
Pedestrian is moderately walking.  Pedestrian is not acknowledging car.  Restaurant.  Turning lane.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is in turning lane.  Pedestrian in lane next to car.  Pedestrian to left of car.  Pedestrian some distance from car.  
Pedestrian continues walking.  Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  Pedestrian is walking with another person. Pedestrian is unaware of car approaching.    Pedestrian is walking in road.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is in front to the left of car.   
   The car slowed down to let pedestrian cross. 
 There is a crosswalk.   
Person is walking slowly. Crosswalk in road. Person is 2 steps from middle of road. Person is walking straight across road.  Person is 1 step from person B.  Groups of pedestrians usually cross together. Person crossed crosswalk with behind person B.
Pedestrian is walking. She is faced to the left side of raod. City area. Three lane road. Cars parked on both sides. She is on right side of road. She is next to the black SUV 
Target is a women. Target is walking slowly. One way street. Street side parking. Target is right of the road. Target is walking towards road. Target is to the right of the driver. Target is right of all road users. Target is walking towards driver's path. 
They are looking down. There is a lane space between my car's lane and the parked cars to the right.  My car is approaching quickly. 
Thre is a person walking. They are walking towards the street. They are carrying a bunch of stuff.   They are on the right side of the road.  They are to the right of this car. The car seems to be going too fast for them to cross.  
Pedestrian is walking slowly. Pedestrian is an adult. pedestrian is facing road.  road is a one way street. Road is a busy street with low pedestrian traffic.  pedestrian is in road. pedestrian has just stepped off sidewalk. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory. pedestrian is walking from right hand sidewalk to left hand side walk.  pedestrian is to the right of the car. pedestrian is in road. Car is traveling fast.  
Person is walking slow. Person is a woman. Road has 3 lanes. Road is one-way.  Person is right of road. They are near the road.  Person is near car. Person is right of car. 
The pedestrian is standing on the right side of the road. They are looking at the traffic. The car is on a city road. They are standing in the parking lane. They are on the right side of the road. They are standing near parked cars. They are to the right of the car. pedestrian looking to communicate intent
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 4 steps from the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 30 meters from the driver. Person is 5 steps from driver path. 
He is walking at the right edge of the road. He is walking in the same direction as my car.   He is close to the road. He is walking on the right parking lane of the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Pedestrian is walking slow. Wide busy road.  Pedestrian is walking parallel to the road. Pedestrian is walking in the same direction of the vehicle. They are on the vehicles right side. 
She slowing down.   Car is maintaining speed. 
   Target is directly right of driver.  
The pedestrian is waiting for car to pass.    
Person is walking normal speed. It is snowy. Person is in the middle of the road. Person is 2 lanes from the right side of the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is 1 step from driver path. 
pedestrian is adult. pedestrian is about to run across road.  Road is wet. weather is inclement.  pedestrian is far in front of car. pedestrian path is perpendicular to traffic's path.  car is far from pedestrian. Car is traveling fast relative to pedestrian. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory. Pedestrians trajectory would intersect cars trajectory.  Pedestrian does not seem to care about traffic. Pedestrian should be given right of way. 
Pedestrian is walking.   Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is directly in front of driver. Pedestrians might stop in the middle of the road to yield to traffic.
He is standing in the middle of the road. He is looking at my car.  The sidewalk is covered by snow.  He is on the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. Snow on the ground, leads to slick road conditions. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is heading in to the vehicles path. They are surrounded by other vehicles. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the right side of the road. City area. Four lane road.  Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is far from the car. 
The pedestrian is in the middle of the road. They are quickly walking to the right. The roads may be icy. The car is on a city street. They are walking from the left side. They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing in front of the car. drive with caution in the snow
Person is walking normally. Road has 4 lanes. Snow is on ground. Person is on road. They are in left lane. Person is far from car. They are left of car. They are near a bus. 
This person is walking.  It looks like it is snowy out. The roads may be icy.  They are in the road. They are standing on the center lines.  They are in front of this car.  
They are actively walking.  They are in the middle between opposite lanes of traffic. My car will approach them soon at this speed. Pedestrians do not generally stay in the middle of a two lane highway.
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is on right side of road. Pedestrian is directly in front of driver. 
He started walking in my lane. He is walking very fast.  The road is slippery due to snow.  He is on the road. He is in the right lane.  He is far from my car. My car is slowing down.  
  Person in right lane. Person is near car. Person in front of car. Let the person cross.
The man is standing still but he is looking toward the street. There is an intersection ahead.  The man on the sidewalk. He is not close to the other cars. 
Pedestrian is standing still. His body language shows no intention to cross.   Raining.  Dust.  Traffic signal in front of car.  Vehicles stopped in front of car.   They are on right side of road.  Pedestrian is standing on sidewalk next to road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   
The pedestrian is standing on the sidewalk. They stepped slowly toward the road. There are at least four traveling lanes. It is raining outside. The vehicles are approaching the intersection. The light has turned green. They are on the sidewalk on the right side of the car. The pedestrian is not far from the car. There are vehicles in front of the car.  When it is raining cars will let pedestrians go. When it is raining, pedestrians tend to wait to cross safely.
They are standing.  Retail area. Raining. Two lane road with three lanes and a left turn lane. They are on the right side of the road. They are close to the curb. They are facing the road. They are in front of the car and to the right. They are facing the road.
A man is standing. He is looking at car. It is raining. He is on right-side of road. He is not doing any movement. The car is moving slow. The traffic is stopping ahead. He is far from road. 
He is standing on the right sidewalk. He is looking at the moving cars. The road is slippery due to rain.  He is close to the road.  He is far from my car. My car is stopping due to traffic ahead.  
Pedestrian is standing.  Traffic. Stop lights. Rain. Three lane road plus a left turn lane.  Pedestrian is on the curb to the right of the road.  Pedestrian is to the right of the car. Pedestrian is away from car.  
the pedestrian looks like they're just casually standing in front of the bar on the right with no interest in crossing the street at all.  you can tell it's windy because of the waving flag next to the building. the streetlights are on since it's getting dark and the pavement is wet.  they're standing on the sidewalk to the right of the roadway, about three feet from the edge of the roadway.  they're about 20 feet in front of the driver and separated by a lane of traffic from the driver.  
The Pedestrian is standing still. Car is stopped on the signal. Car ahead is stopped. Rainy weather. Pedestrian is on the sidewalk facing the road. the pedestrian is ahead of car to the right. 
Man is standing still. Man is facing across road. Man isn't leaning to cross. Traffic signal is red. Road is wet. No crosswalk in road. Man is 1 step from road. Man is not walking across road. Man is not moving. Man is 1 lane from car. 
The man is facing the road.  They are an older man.  They are walking slow.  They are on the sidewalk. They are facing the road.    
Pedestrian is male. He is standing,  There is a stoplight. It is rainy.  He is on the right curb. He is two steps from end of curb. He is facing left side of road.  He is to the right of driver. He is 3 car lengths in front of driver. He is 10 ft to the right of driver. Traffic is stopped.  
The man started looking both ways.   The man began walking into the road.  The other cars slowly moved up to approach the stop light.  
Pedestrian begins walking.  He is carrying items in hand.  He has stepped into the street.  Walking path is across the road.     Pedestrian is to right of car.  Car has slowed speed.   Driver becomes careful when seeing pedestrian step foot into road.  
The pedestrian is walking upright. He is an older adult male.  They are now in the road. The vehicles are barely moving although the light is green. The green light might be the walking signal. There may be a red traffic light. The pedestrian is on the right side of the car. They are about to cross in front of the car.  
They are male. They start walking.  Their walking path is not clear. They will have obstacles. They are walking through the stopped cars. They look towards oncoming traffic.
The man stepped down looking both directions. He is walking fast.  He is on right side of road. Cars are stopped. There is a gap for him to cross. Cars are stopped. It is raining. The man will take chance to cross quickly as he stepped down.
Pedestrian starting walking slowly. Male.  He is in the far-right lane.  He is to the right of the car. He is close to the car.  
after another car passed in the left lane, the pedestrian suddenly stepped into the street and started quickly walking towards the driver's lane to cross in front of the driver.   they are in the middle of the right lane of traffic adjacent to the driver's lane.  they're about 10 feet in front of the driver and 10 feet to the right of the driver,  
Pedestrian is crossing. Car ahead is stopped. Rainy weather. pedestrian has entered the road. pedestrian is right of the vehicle about to cross ahead of it. 
Man is walking slowly. Man is facing across road.  Man is 2 steps into road. Man is walking straight across road. Man is 1 lane from driver. Man is moving faster than driver. It is normal for pedestrians to cross when cars are already stopped at a light.
The man is walking into our lane of traffic.  They are facing the opposite side of the road.  They are close to the car. They are in the road. They are close to our car and other cars. 
He picked up walking speed. He is walking fast.   He is in the middle lane.  He is in front of the car. He is very close to car.  
I forgot to select YES for the last set of details.    
The person is running.  the road is wide. The person is in the middle of a two way road. The person is far from this car.  
There is a person running. The location is an apartment setting. He is in the middle of the road.  There is incoming traffic and ongoing traffic. 
Pedestrian is walking. He is currently crossing. Four lane road. Double yellow lines with white dashed lines. Urban area. Clear weather.Fair road conditions. He is in middle lane of road. He is next to the black car. 
The person is jogging across the street pretty far ahead of the driver. They're already halfway across the road and will definitely cross.  It's a standard four-lane road. There are no crosswalks, stop signs or traffic lights coming up.  They are in the middle of the road running to the right.  They are about 150 feet ahead of the driver entering into the driver's lane.  
Pedestrian is walking fast on the left side of the road.    distance between car and pedestrian is large. 
Her body is facing opposite side of road. They are maintaining walking speed.   She is in the middle of road. She is crossing from left side of street to right. She has a clear path on road.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance. Car is maintaining speed.  
the person is male, young, walking fast  he is in the middle of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
Pedestrian is running. 4 lane road across.  Business/buildings both sides. Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is far from car.   
They are running. They are in a hurry. They do not see car.  They are crossing. they are in road. They are in middle of road. They are far ahead of car. Car is moving fast. 
The pedestrian is a man. The man is running to the right   The pedestrian is in the middle of the road  The pedestrian is ahead of the vehicle.  
He crossed.   He is on right side of road. He is next to the car. Driver reduces speed.
The man is running to the right.  There is no crosswalk  The man is running across the road.  The man is ahead of and to the left of the vehicle.  Yield to pedestrians 
Man is standing waiting to cross street. Wide road with multiple lanes. Man is in middle of road. Man is on the left. SUV is driving fast straight. Car should slow, but not stop
The pedestrian is in the middle of the road. They are moving slowly. The road is six lanes across. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road.  The pedestrian is not close to this car.  
Adult male. They are standing. They are facing the road. They are indicating they are going to cross the road with their body language. There are stores. The weather is sunny. They are standing in the middle of the road.  They are 35 feet away from the vehicle. They are 20 feet away from the vehicle ahead of the driver. 
The person is standing.  This person is in the middle of the road. This person is far away from this car. This car is traveling quickly. The person is to the left of this car. 
A person is standing in the middle of the road. They are a man. There are multiple lanes of traffic.   They are in the middle of the road. They are walking down the road.  They are near other moving vehicles. The cars are moving fast.  Our car is moving fast.  They are on the left side of our car. They are far from our car.  
The target is looking at the traffic.  The target is standing on the center lane.  There is heavy traffic. The cars are moving fast. My car is moving fast. In fast moving traffic, cars do not yield to pedestrian standing on center lane. 
Person is standing still.  Person is in middle of road. Person is 5 steps from car. 
Person is standing.  Person is the middle of the road. Person is 3 lanes from the right side of the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of driver. Person is far from driver.  
They are standing. This is a road with multiple lanes. There is no crosswalk. They are on the road. They are in the middle lane. They are facing the right. They are on the left. They are far away. Since traffic is moving, the pedestrian will wait to cross. 
The pedestrian starts to take slow steps. He is an older adult male.   The car is getting closer to him. The car is moving quickly. 
This man has confidence. He walks directly into speeding traffic.   This man is extremely close to this car. This car is driving quickly. The man keeps walking even though this car is close enough to hit him. 
Person is standing still. Person is messing with clothing. No crosswalk in road. Road is wide. Person is in middle of road. Person is facing across road. Person is 4 steps from car. Person is 15 steps from driver. 
A middle aged woman is facing the street. She is looking at oncoming traffic.  She is on the sidewalk. She is on the right side of the street. She is facing the road. She is far from our car.  She is on the right side of our car.  She is close to another car. 
pedestrian is stepping from the sidewalk towards the roadway. they are watching the traffic and appear to be waiting for it to clear before crossing. they appear to be a young adult woman.  it's a wide lane with a left-turn bay. it looks like the road serves several nicer residential areas with large sidewalks for running and walking. there signs but they aren't discernable.  they are about six feet from the edge of the road on the right side.  they are about 50 feet in front of the driver, and about six feet from the driver's lane.  
Pedestrian is jogging in place. Women.  Subdivision entrance. Turn lane.  She is on sidewalk. She on the right side of the road.  She is to the right of the car. She is far from car.  
The pedestrian is a younger female. She is standing. She is waiting to cross.  There is a crosswalk. There is a nice subdivision.  She is on right sidewalk. She is standing. She is facing left to cross. She is 4 steps away from road.  She is to the right of driver. She is 4 car lengths away from driver. She is 6 feet to the right of driver.  
Pedestrian is standing.  Pedestrian is watching cars.   turning lane to left of car.  breaking lights on vehicle ahead.  Crosswalk.  walking path to right of car.   Pedestrian is to the right of road.   Pedestrian is to the right of car.   
Woman is standing still. Woman is facing road to cross. No crosswalk in road. Woman is 1 step from road. Woman is 1 lane from car. Woman is not moving. 
She is jogging in place. Her body is facing opposite side of road.  Crosswalk. Wide road lanes.  She Is walking from right to left side of road. She is in a crosswalk on right side.  She is on right side of car. Car in in front has break lights on. She is far in distance from car. Car is driving a slower speed.  
The pedestrian is a woman. They are standing. They moved their foot in the direction of the road. Two way lane with a left turn lane. Rural suburban area. Crosswalk up ahead on the right side of the road. They are next to the road. They are on the right side of the road. Their walking path is crossing the road. They are close to traffic. They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. The woman could be jogging and heading to one of the suburban homes, the driver could slow to let her cross.
She is standing on the right sidewalk. She is looking at my car.   She is close to the road.  She is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed. The front car is going very fast.  
The woman waved at our car. She is running.  She is facing the opposite side of the road.   She is in the road.  She is starting to run to the opposite side of the road. She is near our car. She is on the right side of our car. 
they just looked both ways and started walking into the street. They are raising their left arm to indicate thanks and that they are going to cross.   they are just stepping to the edge of the roadway and intend to cross from right to left.  they are about 20 feet in front of the driver. there is another vehicle that is either crossing the road from the other direction, or turning left to go in the driver's direction, away from the pedestrian.  
Pedestrian started jogging. Showed hand gesture.  She is on the right hand side of the road.  She is to the right of the car. She is near car.  
Pedestrian begins to run.  She raises her hand.   Residential area.   Pedestrian is a few steps into road.  Pedestrian is running across in road. Pedestrian is to the right of the car.   Hand raised indicates pedestrian is crossing in front of car and "thank you"
Woman is walking quickly. Woman waved to driver.  Woman is 1 step from curb. Woman is walking straight across road. Woman is 1 car length from driver. Woman is moving faster than driver. Woman waved at driver to show she was crossing.
She put her hand up.   She has started to step into road. She has a clear path to cross. Car has slowed down more. Car on left side is turning into cars lane.  She gave a wave saying thank you and is going to cross. 
The pedestrian looked at the car. They raised a hand gesture of "thank-you". They proceed to jog.    The car slowed to let the pedestrian cross
She started running to cross the road. She is looking at the front car.   She is already in my lane.  She is close to my car. Another car is coming from the left side.  
She increased speed to a run.   She is in the middle of the road.  She is in front of the car.  
   The car slowed down. 
Pedestrian is walking.   Residential area.  Parked car.  Apartments.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is in front of parked car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
They are walking. They are male. They are looking.  There is no crosswalk. There is street parking. This is a residential area.  They are walking to the rear of the parked car. They are on the road. They are 60 feet away.  They are on the right.  They will wait for this car to slow down before they cross. 
Woman is stopping. Residential area on a clear day. Woman is standing in road on the right. She is standing near a parked car on the right and to the right of this car. Car should slow in residential area and wait for woman to show intent to cross.
The person might be getting in his car. He is looking at the car to be careful. It is a residential area. He is on right side of road. The car is moving fast. It is near the person. The person will not have enough time to cross. 
The man is walking slowly.  The driver is in a residential neighborhood.  The man is in the road. He is several feet from the curb. He is far from the driver. He is next to a parked car. The driver is not slowing. 
The person is walking along the road. It is a neighborhood area. The person is on right side of road. He is near his car. The car is moving fast. Target is 3 meters away from car. 
Person is walking slowly.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 1 step from the road. Person will walk along the road. Person will walk towards the driver. Person is right of the driver. Person is 35 meters from driver.  
The man is walking slowly. Apartment building area. No street marking. The lane is wide. The man is walking parallel in the road on the right. The man is walking near a parked car on the right. He is to the right of this car. The car should slow, but not stop for man on side of road.
The pedestrian is walking at a normal speed.  This is a residential area. The pedestrian is in the street very close to a parked car. Their body may be turning to walk to the car door. The car is not very close to the pedestrian. They are close to a parked car.  The pedestrian's body will turn toward the parked car if they are not going to enter the road.
They see the car. They are moving slow.  Apartments They are in the road. They are walking diagonally. They are walking very close to a car. They will likely get in the car. The car is moving fast. 
  The person is on the right side of the road.  They seem to be walking around the car in front of them. They are a fair distance from this car. This car is going at a moderate pace. 
A woman is standing by their car. They are walking to the car. There are shadows. We are in a residential area. They are on the right side of the road. They are in the road.  They are far from our car. They are on the right side of our car. Our car is going pretty quick. 
The pedestrian is walking slowly. He is starting to turn towards the parked car.  He is about 50 feet in front of the car. His walking path will likely be alongside the parked car. This vehicle is going a moderate speed. 
The person is walking slowly. It is a residential area. He's on the right side of the road. The car is moving fast. He is 5 meters ahead of car. The car may stop for him to let him go.
They are walking. They are male. They are looking.  This is a residential area. There is no crosswalk.  They are walking down the road. They are walking towards this car.  They are 100 feet away. They are on the right.  They are too far away to determine crossing intent. 
Older male Pedestrian came to stop. Road car is driving on is narrow. Pedestrian is in a neighborhood parking lot. Pedestrian is a good distance from car. Cars parked near car. Vehicles in parked in lot. Car is slowing down as pedestrian comes along. 
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is carrying something.     
The man is walking slowly.   He is in the road. He is walking parallel with the road. He is several feet from the curb. He is near the driver. He is next to a parked car. The driver is accelerating. 
The pedestrian's body is facing the car. He is on the right side of the car.    He is walking parallel to the car's movement. He is moving toward the car. 
The person is a mechanic of some kind judging by his outfit. He is holding a tool.  The person is on the right side of the road. They are walking along the right side of the road. This car has moved a bit to the left to safely pass the person. The person is to the right of this car. 
He's walking slowly.   The car keeps driving without slowing down. 
   This car is moving fast. This car is moving too fast for them to safely cross. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly.  Pedestrian is carrying something.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is next to parked car.  
Pedestrian is standing. She is looking at vehicle   Pedestrian is in the middle of the oncoming lane. She is not moving.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the left of vehicle  Be cautious when crossing the road and do not expect vehicle to stop 
person is standing. the road is wide.  he is standing in the middle of two lanes.  person is far from cars. the car is moving fast. 
the person is a male, young, walking slow  he is in the middle of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
The person is walking from the left towards the middle of the road. They obviously want to cross, but it seems very unlikely they will cross given that the driver is going 40 miles per hour in their direction.  There's a crosswalk immediately in front of the driver, but not further ahead where the pedestrian is walking.  The person is in the 2nd lane from the left, walking towards the middle of the road to the right.  They are about 100 feet in front of the driver approaching the driver's lane from the left at a slow walk.  
His body is facing opposite side of street. They are maintaining walking speed.  Crosswalk in front of car.  Pedestrian is in the middle of lane for oncoming traffic. They are walking from left side of road to right.  Car is maintaining fast speed. Pedestrian is a lane over from car. 
Pedestrian is walking moderately. 4 lanes across.  Crosswalk.  Parked cars.  Parking lot.   Pedestrian is in middle of lanes.  Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian on opposite side of traffic.  Pedestrian some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.   
There is a person walking. He is walking at a normal pace. He looks like he is in his mid-age. There is oncoming traffic and ongoing traffic.  He is on the left side of the car.  
They are walking moderately. They seem calm.   They are crossing. They are in road. They are far ahead of car. Car is moving fast. Other car is close. Other car is moving fast. 
pedestrian is walking slow. He is on left side of road.   car moving too fast. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrians is faced toward the right side of the road. Car is starting to reduce speed. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. The pedestrain is far from the car. 
person is walking slowly.   person is in the middle of two opposing lane.  person is close to the car. car is driving fast. 
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.    Pedestrian almost in middle of road.  Pedestrian walking path is to sidewalk.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.   
   The person is still on the left side of the car. He hasn't stepped onto the mid-section yet. 
Pedestrian is slowing down. Driver stays at same speed.  He is to the left of the car. 
They are moving slowly. They see car. Divided road. They are crossing. They are in road. They are close to others. they are far from car. You may cross half the road in heavy traffic if there's a place to stop in the middle.
person is standing. lane is narrow.  person is standing on left lane.  person is far from cars. 
Pedestrian walking fast. Male  No parking sign Pedestrian is located in the middle of road. Straight walking path to the sidewalk. Pedestrian is stopped while vehicle in front passes by. 
he is young male, with something in hands, walking slow  he is in the middle of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
There is a person walking. He is walking at a normal pace. The location looks like a neighborhood. He is on the left side of the car. There is a white car in front of the car. 
They are walking slowly.  They are in middle of lane is opposite traffic lane. They are walking from left to right side of road.  They are on left side of car. Pedestrian and car are far in distance. Car is maintaining speed.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately. Center turning lane.  Parking lot.  No parking sign.   Pedestrian is in middle of lane.   Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic. 
Standing. Road width small. Intersecting lane to merge. Middle of the road. On the intersecting lane. Closer to the white van, farther from this car. Not walking on crosswalks.
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the right side of the road.  The pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is next to the van. 
The pedestrian is walking at an angle towards the driver's path. They are in the oncoming lane walking towards the right. They are walking slowly, possibly looking for a gap to cross.  It's a two-lane road with a shared center left-turn lane. There is a marked shoulder on the side of the road and a no-parking sign for the road.  They are in the oncoming lane walking to the right. They are about six feet from the driver's path.  The pedestrian is about 150 feet in front of the driver and about 75 feet in front of the van ahead. 
The person is walking on the other side of road.  Distance between car and person is large  
person is walking slow.    the cars speed is fast for the person to cross. 
  He is walking in the midsection. He doesnt look like he wants to cross the road.  
Their body is turned at an angle towards opposite side of street.   They are in the middle of road.  Car is going to quick in speed. Pedestrian and car are close in distance.  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Vehicle maintained speed passing pedestrian.   
The pedestrain is walking and sees the car.  Two lane road with turning lane.  The car is maintaining its speed. 
Pedestrian is a man. He is walking normally.  Pedestrian is in the turn lane  Pedestrian is in the turning lane. He is walking against vehicle direction.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the left of vehicle  
The pedestrian is walking slowly at an angle towards the driver. They are waiting for a gap to cross and are going to wait until after the driver passes.   They are in the middle of the center shared left-turn lane and about five feet from the edge of the driver's path. They are walking in the same direction as the oncoming traffic, towards the driver.  They are about 30 feet in front of the driver and about six feet to the left of the driver's path.  
Pedestrian is a man. He is walking normally.  Pedestrian is in a turn lane Pedestrian is in the turning lane. He is walking against vehicle direction . Pedestrian is in front of and to the left of vehicle  
He did not cross.  He is in the middle of the road.  
Pedestrians maintain walking speed.    Pedestrians are in middle of road.   Pedestrians are in front of car.  
  Target is in right lane. Target is walking across road from left to right. Target is directly in front of driver. Target is walking to the right of driver. 
People are male. They are walking fast.  They are in right lane. They are near car. They are in front of car. Let the people cross.
They are walking.   They are crossing to the right. They are on the road.  They are far away. They are on the left.  Since they were very far away, there is enough time for them to safely cross. 
The pedestrians are walking at an average speed across the road. They will finish crossing.   They are in the middle of the road. They are walking in to the road.  They are still far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. The other car as passed. There is another car driving the opposite direction. They are close to that car.  
They crossed in front of the car.  They are on the right side of the road. They are to the right of the car. 
Their body is facing opposite side of road. They are walking at a moderate pace. Wide road.  They are walking left to right side of road. They are on the left side of road. They are in the middle of lane on opposite side.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance. Car is not slowing down. Car in opposite direction is driving near pedestrain.  
The pedestrian is walking slowly. He is pulling a piece of luggage. He looks older. There are four lanes. This is a residential area. There are sidewalks on both sides of the road. He is in the road. He is in the opposite lane from this car. He is not very close to the car. He has just passed in front of a moving vehicle. It wasn't close to him. He is moving across the road with something. Sometimes cars will let pedestrians cross if they have items they are moving.
Person is walking slowly. Person is pulling object. Person might be stopping. No crosswalk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road.  Person is 3 car lengths from driver. 
pedestrian is walking in the oncoming lane from left to right.   pedestrian is walking in the oncoming lane from left to right.  pedestrian is still up the road from the vehicle 
An old person with a cart is walking slow. They are facing the right side of the road.   They are in the middle of the road. They are walking to the right side of the road.  They are on the left side of the car. They are walking into our lane of traffic.  The car is far from the person. 
Pedestrian is male. He is walking slowly right.  It is getting dark. It is a 4 lane road.  He is on left side of road. He is crossing into second lane from left. He is walking towards he right side of road.  He is to the left of driver. He is 5 car lengths away from driver. He is 5 ft to the left of driver.  
Pedestrian is walking. They are maintaining speed  Urban area. Two way road with two lanes. They are in the lane of oncoming traffic. Their walking path is crossing the road. They are far from the car.  
He is walking toward my lane from the left side. He is looking at my car.   He is in the left most lane.  He is far from my car. My car is slowing down.  
 Four lane highway.  Suburbia. Traffic light ahead. Other pedestrians on highway.  Pedestrian is in center of road.   Hard to see where he is. Pedestrian crossing left to right.  Pedestrian is quite a distance from my car.  Hard to see where he is.  Minimal Traffic on road.  Move to right  because of pedestrians.
Pedestrian is walking.   4 lane road across.  Dusk.  Parked cars to left of car.  Entrance/exit to parking lot to right of car.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is still distant from car.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic.   
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  4 lane road across.  Parking lot.  Parked car.  Building.  Apartments. No parking sign.    Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is few feet into road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic.  
They are looking back at left side of road. They have stopped walking.    Car is traveling fast.  
The pedestrian is walking across the street. There are four lanes. It is a residential area. They are walking in the middle of the street. They are crossing the road. They are not close to this car. They are on the opposite side of the road. They are on the left side of the car. There is a car coming toward them from the opposite direction. 
Person is walking slowly. Person is facing driver.  Person is in middle of road. Person is walking diagonally. Person is 1 car length from driver. Person is very slow compared to driver. Person is walking diagonally towards driver showing that they will likely cross behind driver and not in front of.
pedestrian stopped in the oncoming lane.  pedestrian is stopped in incoming lane.  pedestrian is waiting for the vehicle to pass.  
The woman is standing in the middle of the road. She is looking at oncoming traffic.  She is walking slow.    She is in the oncoming traffic lane.  She is walking to the right side of the road. She is on the left side of our car. She is walking too slow to cross our car. 
Pedestrian is facing oncoming traffic. They have slowed their speed.    
He is walking diagonally in the left lane. He is looking at my car.  The road is clear ahead.  He is in the left lane of mine.  He is close to my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Pedestrian is walking slow.  Pedestrian is pulling something behind him.   traffic signal.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.   
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian redirects walking path.  Pedestrian slows walking speed. Pedestrian pulling something. Traffic light.   Pedestrian is a few feet from middle of road.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
The pedestrian might not be a man.  The pedestrian starts to walk diagonally across the lane. They are moving slowly.  They are closer to the car. A pedestrian will walk parallel to the flow of traffic to show they won't cross.
 four lane highway. Suburbia. Traffic light ahead. Pedestrians in road.  Pedestrian is quite a distance away.  He is in the middle of the street.   Pedestrian is quite a distance away.   move to right because of pedestrian crossing
Pedestrian is walking slowly. They see the car.  They are walking diagonally down the road.  
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.   4 lane road total.  Apartments/housing on both sides.  Red light ahead.  For sale sign to right of car.   They are in the road.   Pedestrian is extremely far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  They are in opposite lane of traffic.   
Pedestrian is walking.  Two lane road, both ways. Dusk. Pedestrian is close to the middle of the road.  Pedestrian is far away from car.  
A person is walking into the road.    They in the opposite lane of traffic. They are crossing to the right side of the street. They are far from our car. They are on the left side of our car.  
the pedestrian is very far ahead up the road. they are walking to the right towards the center of the road and ultimately across the road. with no other traffic between them and the driver, they should definitely cross in front of the driver.   the pedestrian is walking to the right across the roadway. they are across one and a half of the oncoming lanes of traffic, almost to the center yellow lines.  the pedestrian is maybe 300-400 feet in front of the driver. the driver can barely see them.  
Pedestrian is middle aged male. He is walking slowly There is a stoplight ahead. It is getting dark.  He is on the left side of the road. He is approaching the center yellow line. he is 12 feet from left curb. He is walking right.  He is to the left of the driver. He is 16 car lengths away from driver. He is  feet to the left of driver.  
The pedestrian is maintaining speed.  Two way road with two lanes. Urban area. The pedestrian is walking across the road. They are in the middle of the road.  They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. 
He is walking toward my lane from the left side.  Red signals are on.  He is in the left lane of mine.  He is far from my car. My car is slowing down. Another person is walking toward my lane.  
Person is walking slowly. Person is facing across road. No crosswalk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is very far from driver. Person is so far from driver that it would be normal for them to cross and not interfere.
Pedestrian maintained speed while crossing.   Red light ahead.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   
Pedestrian maintained walking speed.  Businesses on both sides of road.  Pedestrian is on the right lane of the road.  Pedestrian is to the right of car.  
A man has stepped into our lane of traffic. They are walking slow.  They are walking to the right side of the road. They are in the middle of the road. They are near oncoming traffic. They are in front of our car. They are far away from our car. 
 four lane highway.  minimal traffic.  suburbia.   Pedestrian crossing from left to right.  He is walking briskly.  
The pedestrian is on the side of the street.  They are walking slowly. This is a one-way street. There are at least 4 lanes.  They are on the side of the road.  The pedestrian is on the left side of the car. They are not very close to the car. Another car is going to pass in front of the pedestrian before this car. The pedestrian will need to wait for that car to pass.
Man is walking into the street.  Man just stepped into the road. Man is on the left side of the road.  The car is far from the man still. 
Pedestrian is walking at a constant speed.  Urban area. One way with three driving lanes. Parked cars on either side of the road. They are in the left lane of the road.  They are far from the car. The vehicle is not slowing down for the pedestrian. 
Pedestrian is a male. He is walking slowly right.  It is very sunny, it is a one way road. It has 4 lanes.  He is of the left side of road. He is walking towards the right side of road. He is 2 steps off the left curb.  He is 6 car lengths away from driver. He is 5 feet to the left of driver.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   one way road.  glare from sun.  4 lane across.  parking garage.  business.  Pedestrian is two steps into road.   Pedestrian is in lane next to car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  caution when sun is blinding.  
Person is walking slowly. Person is facing road. No crosswalk in road. Person is 1 step from curb. Person is walking straight across road. Person is very far from driver. Person is 3 lanes from  car. 
Their body is facing opposite side of road.  Wide road.  They are crossing from left to right side of road. They have stepped into left most lane.  Car is going a slow speed. They are far from the car.  
Pedestrian is walking.  Horrible glare.  Parked car to left of car.  Parking garage/businesses in area.   Pedestrian is a step into road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car turned left onto street.  Slow speed/utilize visor with glare.  
He is walking from the left sidewalk.   He is at the left edge of the road.  He is far from my car. My car is going slow. Other cars are moving in the right lane.  
they are walking slowly. they seem like a middle-aged to older male.  one-way road with five lanes. three lanes appear to be used for parking. no signals or signage visable.  they are in the left-most lane walking perpendicular to traffic. they are about 100 feet in front of the vehicle.  
Man is walking slow.  Man sees the car.  Man is close to the car.  
Pedestrian slows walking speed.   They are facing the direction of traffic. They are walking down the road. They are walking towards the car. They are walking towards the car to cross behind.
Pedestrian is standing.  There is a stoplight ahead.  He has crossed the first left lane. He is crossing into the second.  He is directly to the left of driver.  
Pedestrian stops walking.  parked cars.  Pedestrian is a few steps into road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is in lane next to car.  Pedestrian is a little distance from car.  
Person is walking slowly. Person is not facing across road.  Person is 2 steps from curb. Person is walking parallel to lane. Person is 2 lanes from car. Person is moving slow compared to driver. 
Their body is turned towards car. They are looking at car. They are standing now.     
Pedestrian stopped walking.  Pedestrian is standing still.   Pedestrian is few steps into road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.   
they stopped walking and faced the vehicle. they appear to be watching traffic and waiting for it to clear.   they are standing in the left-most lane.  they are about 50 feet in front of the vehicle, facing the vehicle.  
Pedestrian stops.    Pedestrian stops and waits for the car to pass.
Their body is turned towards car. They are looking at car. They are standing now.    Car is not slowing down. There is another pedestrian standing next to him.  
The pedestrian is walking to the right towards the sidewalk on the left and towards the road. They might turn to walk along the sidewalk or they might continue and cross the road. They're coming from a large parking lot and might want to go into the classroom building on the right.  It's a two-lane road with no shoulder. There is snow all around and a few small puddles in the street. The street looks dry but could be wet and slick.  They're several feet to the left of the road and walking to the right towards the road. They're on the sidewalk right now.  The pedestrian is about 100 feet in front of the driver walking towards the right.  It's a campus area and vehicle will usually yield for pedestrians, especially on small streets between parking lots and classroom buildings. 
Pedestrian is walking. He is faced toward the road. Two lane road. Double yellow lines. Campus area. Fair weather conditions. Good road conditions.  He is on sidewalk on the left side. He is next to the black car. 
the person is male student, walking slow with backpack on the back  he is on the left side, on the sidewalk he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  Campus area.  2 lane road.  Double yellow line.  Parking lot.  Snow on ground.  Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
person is walking slowly.  road is narrow. person is in a campus area. person is near the left side of road. he is on a curb. he is far from this car. he is near the car ahead. car is driving slow. 
person is walking.  person is in campus area.  person is walking far from the road.  person is near other people. person is far from car.  
Pedestrian is walking. Appears to be a man. Most likely a college student Campus area. There is probably a crosswalk  Pedestrian is on the side of the road. He is walking toward the road.  Pedestrian is very far ahead of vehicle.  
They are walking slowly.  Campus area. Snow is on the ground. They are walking on sidewalk. They are on the left side of the road.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance.  
They are walking briskly. They are not looking at car. They are a student.  They are crossing. They are almost in road.  They are very far ahead of car. Car is moving slowly. 
pedestrian is walking fast.   distance between car and person is large. 
The person looks like they are male. He also looks like a student. He is walking at a normal pace. The location looks like a campus. There is a parking lot on the left side of the car. He is on the left side of the car. He is still on the curb  
The pedestrian continued across the snow and into the road. They are walking towards the right across the street. They're going at an average pace and aren't showing any sign of slowing, stopping or waiting for the driver to pass.   They are a couple steps into the road and walking toward the right directly across it.  They are about 75 feet in front of the driver and approaching the driver's lane from the left.  
He is starting to cross.  He is in the left side of the road.  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.   Pedestrian is a step into the road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
person is walking fast.   person is in middle of road.  person is walking with a person. the driver is speeding up. person is far from driver.  
Their body is facing opposite side of road.   They have stepped out into road. They are walking from left to right side of road. Their walking path is clear.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance. Car is maintaining speed.  
There are two people crossing the road.    
  They have stepped out into road. They are walking from left to right side of road.   
He crossed.   He is on right side of road. He is on right side of car. Driver reduces speed.
person is walking slowly. person is walking on a curb.   
Pedestrians see the car. They are walking slowly. They ignore the car.  Pedestrians are on the sidewalk. They are walking along the road. They are not in the road. The car is moving slowly. They are close to the car. Others are close to car. 
There are two people walking.    
  he is on the left sidewalk he is far from the car 
Pedestrians maintaining walking speed.    Pedestrians walking on sidewalk.   Pedestrians are to left of car.  Pedestrians are not too far from car.  
Pedestrian turns from facing the road back to the sidewalk and begins walking. Snow on ground. Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  
The pedestrian is just walking along the sidewalk, showing no intention of deviating.   They are about six feet left of the edge of the road, walking opposite the driver's direction.  They are about 20 feet to the left of and 40 feet in front of the driver.  
They are walking. They are walking in the other direction. They are still on the sidewalk.  They are on the left side of the road.  They are to the left of the car. 
They are standing. They are looking. There is street parking. There is no crosswalk.  They want to cross to the left. They are on the road.  They are on the right. They will cross if they make eye contact with a driver. 
Pedestrian is standing.   Chinatown.  parked cars both sides of street.  2 lane road.  Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Vehicle driving around pedestrian.   Caution when approaching pedestrian standing in street. 
There is a person stopped. The driver is in a shopping area. The person is in the road. They are several feet from the curb. The driver is slowing. The person is near the driver. The person is near parked cars. They are by a stopped car. 
The pedestrian is waiting for a break in traffic to cross.  The person is standing close to the cars. This car is going slowly. There is a gap between this car and the other car. The pedestrian might use this break to cross. 
The pedestrian is stopped on the side of the road. They are looking at the car. They are looking at the car ahead. It is in a city area. there are cars parked on the side of the road.  They are on the right side of the road. They are facing the middle of the road.  They are far from my car. They are close to the other car. The car ahead is maintaining speed. My car is maintaining speed.  Drivers may drive slower when cars are parked on the sides of the road. 
The person is watching cars to cross the road.  the person is on the right side of the road. the person is far from the car. another car is in front of the person.  
The pedestrian is waiting in the road. They are standing. This is a retail area. There are two lanes of traffic. Cars are parked along both sides of the road.  They are in the road. There are parked cars behind them. They are to the right of the car. This car is not close to the pedestrians.  When cars are traveling slowly, pedestrians try to cross in front of slow moving cars.
Old woman is walking slowly to cross street. Busy downtown area. She is walking in the road. She is right of car. Car should slow for person.
They are standing still. They are looking at car.  They are in road. They are not blocking traffic. They are far ahead of the car. Car is moving slowly.  Pedestrian is looking at car to indicate crossing intent.
They received the signal to cross. They acknowledged the signal to cross. They are walking.     They received the signal to cross, so they crossed. 
Pedestrian begins walking.  Pedestrian raises hand.    Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is in front of car.   
The person is walking slowly.    The person is making eye contact with the driver.
The pedestrian started walking forward. The other car passed him so he will now cross.   He is walking into the road.  My car is slowing down. The other car has passed. He is close to my car.  
They are female. They are jogging. They are wearing exercise clothing. They are not looking.  There is no crosswalk. The traffic signal is red. This is a high pedestrian traffic area.  They are on the road. They are crossing.  They are on the left. They are in front of me. Traffic is stopped. Since traffic is stopped, pedestrians will likely cross.
Person is running.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is on the road. Person will run to the right side of the road. Person is left of driver. Person is 2 meters from driver 
Woman is running. No crosswalk. Traffic signal is red. Driver is downtown. Woman is in middle of road. Woman is running straight across road. Woman is 2 steps from driver. Woman is moving faster than driver. 
A lady is jogging.  She is not slowing down. She is an athlete. There is a red light. We are stopped.  She is in the 2nd lane of traffic. She is in the road. She is trying to cross to the right side of the road.  She is running behind a stopped car.  She is on the left side of our car. She is near our car. Our car is not moving.  When cars are stopped in traffic people will cross.
Woman is running looking forward. Narrow city street. Red traffic signal up ahead. She is in the middle of the street. She is running between the truck and car. Car should stop at traffic signal and allow woman to pass.
They are a young female. They are walking at a rapid pace. The driver are in a urban area. They are in the middle of the road. 
They are 2 meters from the curb. 
 They are to the left of the car. They are a meter from the car. 
Adult female. They are running. They are facing the road. There is a stop light. There are buildings. They are in the city. They are in the middle of the road. They are 12 feet away from the right side of the road.  They are 5 feet in front of vehicle. They are on the left side of the vehicle. They are 5 feet away from the vehicle ahead of driver. 
The pedestrian is a young adult woman. She is running. This is a downtown area. There are two driving lanes. There is a parking lane to the right of the car. Traffic is stopped at a red traffic light.  She is running across the road.  She is directly in front of this car. There is a stopped truck in front of this car. She is close to both vehicles. When cars are stopped at a red light, it is okay to cross in front of them.
The woman is running quickly across the street. This is a busy urban street. The woman is on the left-most lane. She is running towards the right. The woman is right in front of the driver. People in city environments run through slow traffic without looking because all the cars are going very slow.
The woman turns to the left. She is still jogging.  She is on the right-most lane. The woman is running away from the direction of the driver. She is right next to other cars. 
The person is walking slowly. They are standing up straight. This is an urban area. They are on the right-most lane of the road. They are near the truck in front of this car.  People in urban environments will walk through slow traffic.
They are standing. They are male. They are stepping into the road.  There is no crosswalk. Traffic is stopped. The light is red. They are on the sidewalk.  They are on the right.  Since traffic is stopped, they may cross in front of traffic. 
Person is standing still. Person isn't facing road. Traffic signal is red. Driver is downtown.  Person is 1 step into road. Person is parallel with road. Person is 5 steps from car. Person is not moving. 
Person is walking slowly.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 1 step from the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 20 meters from driver. 
The pedestrian is moving here and there. He is facing parallel to the road. It is a downtown area. The person is standing on the right side of road. The cars are stopped due to red light. Congested traffic area. 
The man is standing still. He is in the street.  He is a middle age man. He is not facing the traffic. We are at a red light.   He is standing on the right side of the road. He is in the road. He is near stand-still cars. He is on the right side of the car. Sometimes people will cross the street when cars are stopped at red lights.
Adult male. They are facing the vehicle. They are walking.  They are in the city. There is a stop light. There are buildings. They are stepping into the road. They are one foot away from the curb. They are one foot away from road. They are 10 feet away from the vehicle. They are 7 feet away from vehicle ahead of the driver. They are 8 feet away from another pedestrian. 
The pedestrian is standing to the right of the car. He is a male. This is a one way street. It is a downtown area. There are cars parked along both sides of the street. He is standing on the edge of the sidewalk. He is almost in the road. He is facing oncoming traffic. There are vehicles in front of this one. There is an intersection ahead. The light is red.  When cars are stopped at a red light, pedestrians pass between the stopped vehicles.
Man is walking slowly. Red traffic signal. Busy city street. He is in the road walking on the right. He is walking slowly towards car and truck. He is walking towards a woman. Car should stop at red traffic signal and allow man to pass.
The man walks at a casual pace. They walk confidently.  They are walking towards the center of the road. They are likely to cross the street. The man is right in front of this car. This car is not moving. The truck in front of this car is not moving. 
They turned to cross in front of me. They are walking. They are male.  This is downtown. This is a high pedestrian traffic area. There is no crosswalk.  They are on the road. They are crossing.  They are in front of me. They are on the right.  Since traffic is still stopped, they will cross.
Person is walking quickly. Person is facing front of driver. No crosswalk in road. Person is walking diagonally in road. Person is 3 steps from curb. Person is 2 steps from car. Person is moving faster than driver. People often cross in front of drivers when traffic is stopped at traffic signal.
  Person is on the road. Person is 5 steps from the right side of the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of driver. Person is 3 meters from driver. 
The person has changed his walking direction across the road. Traffic light is still red. He is on right side of road. Cars are stopped. He has been walking along then suddenly changed direction. He is near my car. In congested traffic area, people often cross as traffic stays stopped.
The man is walking. He is a young professional. He is crossing the street. He is now going to intersect our path. We are at a red light. He is in the road. He is on the right side of the road. He is crossing to the left side of the road. He is near a stopped vehicle. Drive with caution downtown since there are lots of people going to work, restaurants, and shops. Downtown is a Pedestrian active zone.
Pedestrians are running. Person A is older. Person B is child. No crosswalk in the road. Pedestrians are in middle of driver lane. Pedestrians are running across road. Pedestrians are 1 lane from cars. Pedestrians are 1 lane from parked car. 
Pedestrians are running.  Parking lane. Two lane road. Strip mall. Cloudy.  Pedestrians in the right lane.  Pedestrians are far away from car. They are in front of car.  
There is a woman and a child. They are running.  There is a house and buildings across the street where they are crossing to.  They are in the street already. They are far from the other cars and this car. If someone is running, it likely means they will cross the street. 
They are running. Their body is facing opposite side of road.  Residential area They are walking from left side to right side of road. They are in middle of three lane road.  They are in middle of cars lane. They are far in distance from car.  
They are running toward the right sidewalk.   They are in my lane.  They are close to my car. My car is slowing down.  
Pedestrians are running.   Parked cars to right and left of car.  4 lane road across.  Business area.   Pedestrians are in road.   They are in front of car.   
The pedestrians are running across the street. A care taker and a younger child.  The pedestrians are in the middle of the road.  They are far from the car. 
Pedestrian is younger female. She is running.  There are cars parked on side of road. It is dark. It is raining. It is busy.  She is running towards right curb. She is 1 and a half lanes from the right curb. She is towards the right side of the road.  She is directly in front of driver. She is 5 car lengths away from driver. She is running with another pedestrian.  
two pedestrians are running across the driver's lane.  there are yellow painted center lines on the road. there are three lanes of traffic in the driver's direction with cars parked in the right lane.  they are in the middle lane running towards the sidewalk on the right side.  they are about 100 feet in front of the driver running across the lane.  
Pedestrians maintain running speed.   Construction to left of car.  Traffic light.  Pedestrians few steps off sidewalk.   Pedestrians to right of car.  Car is maintaining speed.   
The pedestrian is running. They are young.  Two way road. Parked vehicles on both sides of the road. Urban area. They are on the road. They are crossing. The car is close. They are in the lane of the car. They are with another young pedestrian who is running next to them. 
The pedestrian was running with an adult woman.    
Pedestrian is standing still.   Downtown area.  parked cars both sides of street.  2 lanes across.   Pedestrian is a step from the road.  Pedestrian is in parking spot.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is in front of parked vehicle.  
person is standing. person is drinking from a cup. road is wide.  person is on right side of road. person is near a curb.  person is near a car. person is far from this car. car is not slowing down 
the person is holding something in his and, male, middle age it is urban area he is on the right side of the road, near parked car he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the way slow driving
The pedestrian looks like a middle-aged man. He is standing still and upright, taking a drink from a mug. It's a very wide two-lane road with additional rows on either side for street parking. There are no lane markings and the pavement is brick.  He is standing in the parking lane at the right side of the street. They are stationary.  He is about 20 feet in front of the vehicle and about five feet to the right of the vehicle's path. He's standing just in front of a parked vehicle on the right.  With the slow pavement and lack of any signs or road markings, as well as high pedestrian traffic, vehicles usually yield to crossing pedestrians. 
Pedestrian is standing still. Pedestrian is drinking from a coffee mug. Pedestrian is an older man.   Pedestrian is in the parking lane of the road.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the right of vehicle  
There is a person standing in front of a silver car. He looks like an old man.  The location is downtown. He is on the right side of the road. He doesnt look like he wants to cross the road.  
pedestrian is standing.    
They are standing still. They are looking away from the car.   They are going to cross. They are close to the road. They are very close to  the car. The car is moving moderately fast. 
He is drinking coffee. He is standing. His head is turned opposite of cars directions.  Downtown area.  He is on right side of road. He is standing near parked car. He is about two feet from curb.  Car is driving slow. Pedestrian and car are close in distance.  
Pedestrian is stopped. City area. No road markings. He is on right side of road. He is in front of silver SUV. 
Pedestrian standing still.  Pedestrian drinking water.     Pedestrian is next to car.  Pedestrian is in front of parked vehicle. 
   Car is not slowing down for pedestrian. 
There is a person. She is walking at a normal pace The traffic light is green. The location is downtown She is in the middle of the road.  
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian might cross to the right. Two lane road. There is a traffic light. City area. There is a crosswalk. Clear weather. Good road conditions. Pedestrian is in the middle of road. Pedestrian is far from the car. The pedestrian is next to the black SUV. 
  Pedestrian is in the middle of the road  Pedestrian is in front of the vehicle  
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  Traffic light.  Downtown area.  Crosswalks.  Overcast.  Pedestrian is in the middle of road.   Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.   
the person is female, walking slow, young  she is in the middle of the road she is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
 Green traffic light. Downtown area.  They have a clear walking path across road. They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing from left to right side of road.  Car and pedestrian are far away from one another. Car is maintaining speed.  
They are walking moderately.    They are crossing.  They are in middle of road.  They are far ahead of car.  Car is moving moderately.  
person is walking fast.  road is wide. city area. traffic lights are green person is in the middle of road.  person is far from this car. this car is driving slow.  
The person is very far ahead of the driver. They're in the middle of the road walking to the right. They're on brick pavement and near the circle, so traffic will be going slower further ahead, so the pedestrian should have plenty of time to get across the road.  The pavement turns to brick after the immediate intersection. There are no more street markings once it turns to brick.  They're in the middle of the road walking to the right.  They're about 150 feet ahead of the driver and on the left edge of the driver's path, walking to the right.  
pedestrian is a walking adult  The light is green and there is a crosswalk that the pedestrian is not in
The weather is a bright partially cloudy day
It is a downtown area  Pedestrian is in middle of road ahead walking from left to right The pedestrian is about 125 meters ahead of car  
pedestrian is walking on left side.  green signal seen distance between car and pedestrian large  
She walked at the same speed. She crossed in front of car. She's getting into the silver car.  She is on the right side of the road. She is to the right of car. The car had to slow down for her to pass. Diver slowed down for her to cross. 
Pedestrian is walking. Appears to be a woman.   Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. She is walking across it  Pedestrian is in front of the vehicle  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.   Parked cars.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is almost in middle of lane.   Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is in cars lane.  
the pedestrian is a woman wearing high heels
the pedestrian walks up to a parked car
 Road is a two way brick road with no lines the pedestrian walks up to a parked car to the right the pedestrian is 10 meters away from car 
Man is walking slowly. Man is young.  No crosswalk in road. Lights present from police car. Traffic signal is red. Man is 2 steps from curb. Man is walking straight across road. Man is behind car A. Man is 3 steps from car B. 
The pedestrian is an adult male. He is walking at a normal pace. There are three travel lanes on this side of the median. Where the car is, there are two lanes. They walked into the driving path from the sidewalk. They are to the right of car. They are in between stopped vehicles. The other vehicles are pass him. If traffic is stopped, pedestrians will cross.
A young man is walking briskly into the road.  They are a student.  They are walking into the road. They are on the right side of the road. They are facing the left side of the road.  They are on the right side of the car.  They are near another car. When many cars are stopped, people think they can cross safely.
Pedestrian is younger male. He is walking slowly left. He is a McDonalds worker.  There is a stoplight ahead. There is traffic. It is a 6 lane road.  He is two steps into right lane. He is walking left. He has just left the curb.  He is less than a car length away from driver. He is 7 ft to the right of driver. The white truck has stopped to let him pass.  
Pedestrian is looking at cars coming.  Pedestrian is walking.   red traffic signal.  Median.  Off campus area.   Pedestrian is two steps into road.   He is to the right of car.  Vehicles are stopped.   
Pedestrian is younger male. He is walking slowly away.  There is a stop light ahead. Driver is near campus.  he is on sidewalk. He is walking parallel to road. He is in middle of sidewalk.  He is to the right of driver. He is to the right of all road users. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly. Traffic light. Emergency lights.  Median.   Pedestrian is a few steps into road.   Pedestrian is in front of vehicle.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.   
He is walking and looking at my car.   He is at the right edge of the road.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down due to traffic ahead.  
His head is turned towards car. His body is facing opposite side of road.  traffic light ahead. Median on left side.  He is walking from right to left side of road. He has stepped off curb. He has a clear path to walk across.  Car is slowing down. Cars in front are stopped. He is close to car. Car on right side has come to a stop.  
The pedestrian is walking slowly. They see the car. They are a young adult male. Urban area.  Two way road with a median and a left turn lane. The traffic sign is red for the car. They are on the right side of the road. They just stepped onto the road. They are crossing to the left side. They are close to traffic. Traffic is stopped. The car is slowing down. The car and pedestrian will watch each other and see if the car slows down to let the pedestrian cross.
they are walking slowly and looking around with their head. they are a young adult male.  there's a painted median dividing the road and the left lane is opening up into a left-turn lane as well.  they just stepped down from the curb on the right and are walking in the right lane towards the median.  they are about 15 feet in front of the vehicle. they are crossing in front of a different stopped vehicle.  
Man is walking slowly. Man is looking at lanes.  Man is walking straight across road. Man is 4 steps from curb. Man is behind car. Man is 4 steps from driver.  Driver stopped with a gap between cars to allow man to cross.
The man looked at our car to make sure we would stop. He is walking. He is facing the left side of the street.  He is in the right lane.  He is in the road. He is on the right side of the car.  He is near the car. 
Pedestrian sees car and stops.  Acknowledges car and walks.   2 lane road with turning lane one side of road.   Pedestrian is in road.    
Pedestrian sees car stop.  Pedestrian begins walking.  Pedestrian is 5 feet into road. Pedestrian is in lane next to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is very close to car.  
The pedestrian slows walking. The pedestrian looks at the car slowing. The pedestrian begins to cross.    
they stopped to wait on the vehicle to go by or to see if the vehicle would stop. they are watching the driver to see what the vehicle does.   they are stopped in the right lane.  they are stopped about 10 feet in front of the vehicle.  
they started walking to cross in front of the vehicle. they are no longer looking at the driver.   they are just about in between the two lanes.  they are about 10 feet in front of the driver.  
He is walking straight. He is walking at a steady pace. My car is at an intersection. He is far enough from street.  He is far from my car. 
Pedestrian is walking at moderate speed. Pedestrian is walking on sidewalk. Male. Hand in pocket. He is looking in same direction as car.  Two lane road both ways. Median. Stop light. McDonalds.  He is walking parallel to the road. He is to right of the road.  He is to the right of the car. He is to the right of other traffic.  
Man is walking slowly.   Man is on sidewalk. Man is walking parallel with road. Man is right of driver. Man is moving parallel of driver. 
young male adult is walking along the sidewalk to the right in the same direction as the driver. they don't show any interest in the vehicles around them or in crossing the street.   pedestrian is on the sidewalk adjacent to the road. they are about four feet from the edge of the road. they are walking in the same direction as the traffic.  the pedestrian is about 10 feet to the right of the driver, separated by a lane of traffic. they are about 10 feet in front of the driver and walking forward.  
The pedestrian is a young adult male. They are walking at a constant speed. Urban Area. Two way road separated by a medium. Left turn lane. They are on the right side of the road. They are walking in the direction of the road. They are on the sidewalk. They are next to traffic. The car is coming to a stop.  
His body and head is facing forward. He is walking casually.  Traffic light ahead.  They are walking parallel to road. They are walking on sidewalk.  Car has come to a stop. He is on right side of car. He is close in distance to car. Many other cars are stopped ahead.  
Pedestrian is looking other way.  2 lane road with turning lane on one side.  median.  red traffic light.   Pedestrian is to right of road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is to the right of car.  Vehicles stopped in front of car.  Slow when approaching red traffic lights and aware of pedestrians in area.  
He is walking on the right sidewalk. He is walking in the same direction as my car.   He is far from my lane.   
A young man is walking on the sidewalk.  He is not facing the street.  He is walking.  He is not on the road. He is on the sidewalk.  He is on the right side of the road. He is walking parallel to traffic.  He is near other vehicles.   He is on the right side of our car. 
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian walking in opposite direction.      
The person is walking at a moderate pace. They stand tall.  They are on the left-most lane. They are on the parking lane. The person is a medium distance away from this car. They are walking away from this car. 
Man is walking slowly. City street with parking lane on the left side. Man is walking in parking lane. Man is walking in front of a parked car towards another parked car. Man is up ahead to the left of this car. Pedestrian could be walking towards parked car.
Person is walking slowly. Person is facing parked car. No crosswalk in road. Person is 2 steps from curb. Person is walking parallel with road. Person is 2 car lengths from driver. Person is 2 steps from car. Person shows they are waiting to cross by not looking at driver or directly across road.
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 3 steps from the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking away from driver. Person is left of driver. Person is 20 meters from driver. 
The pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. This road is three lanes across. It is in a residential area. They are in the parking lane of the road. They are walking parallel to the road. This vehicle is close to the pedestrian. 
Adult male. They are standing. They are facing the driver.  They are in the city. There are building. It is sunny weather. They are four feet away from the road. They are two feet away from the left side curb.  They are 25 feet away from the vehicle. They are two feet away from a parked car on the left side of road. They are on the left side of the driver. 
They are a young male. They are walking at a slow pace.  The driver is in an urban setting They are on the left side of the road. 
They are a step from the curb. 
 They are to the left of the car.
They are about meters from the car.
 
A man is walking in the parking lane.  He is not facing the road.  He is walking on the edge of the road. He is not facing the road. They are far from our car. They are on the left side of the car.  If people are walking in the parking lane, they probably won't cross.
They are walking regularly. They are not looking. There is no crosswalk. There is street parking. They are in the parking lane. They are next to my lane. They are near parked cars. They will look before they cross. They will not cross without my signal.
They stand and wait patiently. They are not moving.   They are close to this car. They are to the left of this car. 
Man stops walking.   Man is standing to the left of car. Man looks at car showing intent to wait.
Pedestrian is walking at a normal constant pace. Urban area. One way with three lanes and a bike lane to the left. Pedestrian is on the left side of the road. They are in the road. Pedestrian is far ahead in front of the car. They are on the left side of the car. 
The pedestrian has started to walk across the street. They are moving quickly. This is a one way street.There are at least three driving lanes. There is a bike lane on the left side of the car. This is a campus area.  They are in the road. They are far from this car. This car is turning onto the street they are crossing. There is enough distance between the pedestrian and the car for them to run across the street.
the pedestrian is already walking into the second lane of the road which is empty other than the driver's vehicle.  it's a three-lane one-way road with a bike lane on the left side. there is a crosswalk the pedestrian isn't using. there's an unusual intersection ahead and a sign to give advanced warning for it.  they are about about across the left-most lane, walking towards the right side of the street.  they are about 100 feet in front of the vehicle.  
His body is facing opposite side of road.  Crosswalk ahead. Stop light ahead.  He has a clear path. He is walking from left side to right side of road. He has stepped into road.  Car is going slow. He is far from car.  
Pedestrian is walking at a slow speed. Crosswalk. Campus area. Three lane road, one way. Stop lights.  Pedestrian is in left lane of road.  Pedestrian is to the right of the car.  
He is walking from the left side. He is looking at my car.  There is a crosswalk ahead.  He is in the left-most lane.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Person is walking slowly. No crosswalk where person is. Person is 1 lane from curb. Person is very far from driver. Person was crossing road before driver was even in a lane. Person finish crossing before driver gets too close.
Pedestrian is male. He is walking slowly right.  There is a crosswalk. There is a stoplight. Road is a one way.  Pedestrian is on left side of road. He is entering second lane from left. He is 6 ft from left curb. He is walking right.  He is 10 car lengths away from driver. He is 6 ft to the left of driver.  
A man is walking into the road. He is walking slow. He is facing the right side of the street. There is a crosswalk so our car should drive with caution. He is on the left side of the road. He is walking toward the right side of the street. He is far from our car.  He is on the left side of our car.  He might cross in front of our car. 
Pedestrian is walking.  Cross walk.  Parking garage to right of car.  Traffic light.  One way traffic.  4 lanes across.  Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car. Car is coming from turning right.  
He is a man. He is walking.  There is an intersection ahead.  He is in the middle of the road.   There are no other cars around. People will cross the street when other cars are not near. 
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed. Male. He is looking down at phone or road.   He is in the middle of the 4 lane road.  He is in front of the car. He is away from car.  
  he has entered the 3rd lane.  Pedestrian is in front of vehicle.  
The man is not looking at our car. The man has not slowed his walking pace.  He is crossing.  He is in the middle of the road. He is in the second lane. He is in front of our car. He is on the left side of our car. He will cross in front of our car. 
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed. They show no intentions of stopping.      Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.   
The man is walking at a normal pace.    The man has crossed in front of this car and is close to it.  The man never slowed his walking. He has already crossed. 
they are a middle-aged male. they are walking at a slow pace.   They are in the middle of the road. they are in a double-turning lane.  They are 15 meters from the car. they are on the left of the car. 
They are standing. They are watching traffic.  There is no crosswalk.  They are in the middle of the road.  They are next to moving traffic.  Since traffic is moving quickly, they will wait for a break in traffic to cross.
Man is standing still. Two lane city street. Man is standing in the middle of the road. Man is on the left ahead of car. Car should slow but not stop. Person should wait for traffic to clear before crossing.
Person is standing.   Person is standing in the middle of the road. Person appears to want to walk across the road Person is to the left of the driver. Person is a few seconds away from the driver. Person is not moving Driver is veering to the right.
A person is standing in the middle of the road. They are old. It is cloudy. They are in the middle of the road.  They are walking to the right side of the road. They are facing the right side of the road. They are near another moving car. They are on the left side of our car. They are far away from our car.  Our car is moving very fast.  When you are driving fast, people know you're less likely to be able to stop. 
Adult male. They are standing. They are facing the right side of the road. There is a house. It is a cloudy day. They are standing in the middle of the road. They are 15 feet away from the right side of the road. They are 45 feet away from the vehicle. They are 8 feet away from vehicle in the right lane ahead of the driver.  
Person is standing still.  No crosswalk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is facing straight across road. Person is 6 steps from car. Person is not moving. 
The pedestrian is standing. The road is five lanes across. The pedestrian is standing in a turning lane. They are in the middle of the road. They are facing as if to cross the road. This car is traveling quickly toward the pedestrian. Another vehicle is passing in front of the pedestrian.  If he is in the middle of the road and there is no median, an oncoming driver might let him pass.
The person is standing.  The person is standing in the middle of the road. They are wanting to get to the right edge of the road. This car is a fair distance from the person. The person is to the left of this car. 
Person is walking. Person is looking at driver  Person is in the road. Person is walking to the right across the road.  Person is to the left of the vehicle. Person is walking towards the vehicle. Person is a few steps from driver path. 
The person starts to walk across the road.   The person is to the left of this car. This car is close to the person. This car is going to fast to stop for the person. 
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is on campus Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 5 steps from the road. Unsure if person will cross road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 15 meters from the driver. 
Adult male. They are walking towards the road. They are facing the road. They are facing perpendicular to the driver. They are near a parking lot. There are buildings. They are 7 feet away from the road. They are 6 feet away from the curb.  They are on the right side of the vehicle. They are 18 feet away from the vehicle. They are 45 feet away from pedestrian on left side of road. 
Person is walking fast.  No crosswalk. Driver is near building entrance. Person is 3 steps from road. Person is walking straight toward road. Person is 1 car length from driver. Person is moving faster than driver. People usually cross in front of stopped cars.
A professional man is walking to the street. He is walking at a moderate pace.  We are on a college campus.    He is walking toward the road. He wants to cross. he is on the right side of the street. He is on the right side of our car. He sees our car. He is a distance from our car.  Our car is moving very slow. When cars are moving really slow, people assume they can cross. 
They are a young male. they are walking at a rapid pace. the driver are in a residential area. they are on the right side of the road. they are on the sidewalk. they are 3 meters from the car. 
Business man is walking quickly. Wide road with few no markings. Campus area. Man is walking towards sidewalk to the right of road. Man is on the right of car. Car should slow or yield to man on campus.
The pedestrian is walking quickly. He is an adult male. This is a campus area. There are at least two driving lanes. He is walking toward the road.  He is not very close to the car. He will be in the car's driving path if he continues to walk. He is walking across the grass to the road. He will not walk to a cross walk.
This person walks with long strides.  The person is facing the road. They are walking towards the left sidewalk. They are near the right sidewalk. This car is stopped. They are to the right of this car. 
They are walking normally. They are male. They are looking. There is a parking lot on the right. There is no crosswalk.  They are near the sidewalk. They are approaching the road. They are walking to the left.  They are on the right. They are 50 feet away.  Since this car is not moving and they want to cross, they will cross.
  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 1 step on the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is in front of the driver. Person is 15 meters from the driver. 
  They are on the right-most lane of the road. The person is in front of this car. They are walking away from this car. 
She is standing on the left sidewalk. She is looking at the moving cars.  The road is narrow.  She is close to the road.  She is close to my car. My car is stopping due to traffic ahead. Another person is in the car's way.  
Pedestrian is a woman. They are standing. They are looking at oncoming traffic. Two way road with sidewalks on both sides. Parking lot on right side and parking garage on left. College campus. They are on the left side of the road. They are by the curb. They are on the road. They are facing the road. They are a lane width away from the car. They are on the left side of the car. Cars stopped in front of the car will allow pedestrians to jaywalk.
Pedestrian is standing.  Campus/shopping area.  3 lane road across.  double yellow line.  sidewalk both sides.  Pedestrian is standing a step from road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.   
Pedestrian is looking left.   College area. Numerous pedestrians. Parking lot on right.  Buildings on left.  She is standing near road.  She is on left side of road.  She is walking from left to right  She is anticipating when to cross.  Brake lights on vehicle in front.  
Girl is standing still. Girl is facing road. No crosswalk in road. Girl is 1 step from road.  Girl is 2 lanes from pedestrian. Girl is 2 lanes from car. 
Pedestrian is a younger female. She is standing. She is looking left for oncoming traffic.  Driver is on campus. There is a parking garage. Roads are very busy with other cars and pedestrians. She is on left side of road. She is 1 step off the curb. She is standing. She will cross right.  She is one car length away from driver. She is 10 feet to the left of driver. There is a car coming from opposite direction.  
A woman is standing on the sidewalk.  She is looking at oncoming traffic. She is a middle-aged woman.  She is very close to the road. She is on the left side of the road.  There is oncoming traffic near the woman.  The woman is on the car's left side.  
there's several oncoming cars in the opposite lanes and the pedestrian standing still on the left edge of the road on the sidewalk.  the traffic is backed up and the road is somewhat narrow for a three-lane road.  they're standing still on the sidewalk next to the oncoming lane of traffic.  they're about 20 feet in front of the driver on the opposite side of the road from the driver's lane.  there is a parking lot to the right and a parking garage to the left along with a large classrom and recreation building further ahead to the left. on a campus setting, there'll be lots of pedestrian traffic and lots of cars turning, so vehicles will generally drive cautiously for pedestrians. 
Pedestrian is standing still.  Parking garage.  Sidewalks on both sides. 3 lane road across.  Parking lot.    Pedestrian is a step into road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Vehicle stopped in front of car.   Slow speed when high volume of pedestrians around.  
Pedestrian begins walking. They do not make eye contact with the driver. They assume the car will let them cross.    
Pedestrian begins walking.    Pedestrian is a step into the road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.   
Girl is walking quickly.   Girl is 1 step from curb. Girl is 2 steps from car. Girl is 1 step from girl B. Driver was already stopped and girl started crossing. Girl cross in front of driver since driver is already not moving.
The woman is walking faster. She is a faculty member.    She is in the middle of the road.  She is walking to the right side of the road. She is near stopped vehicles. She is close to our car.  She is on the left of our car.  
after the last oncoming car is about to go by, the pedestrian stepped into the street quickly to cross in front of the vehicle.   the pedestrian is on the left-most edge of the street walking quickly towards the center of the road.  the pedestrian is about 20 feet in front of the driver and quickly walking towards the driver's lane from the oncoming traffic lanes.  
Pedestrian begins walking.  Pedestrian looked both ways.    Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.   
Pedestrian begins walking.    Pedestrian is a step into the road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Vehicle maintains speed past pedestrian.    
  Pedestrian is standing on the right side of road. Pedestrian is to the right of the driver. 
He is walking slow. Car speeds up. He is in the first lane. He is to the right of the car. 
pedestrian slowed down rate of crossing. They are looking at the car.   They are slowly walking on the right of the car.  pedestrian making eye contact with the car
Pedestrian is waking into road.
Pedestrian is looking at car.    Car is now very close to pedestrian.  
  This car is going too fast for them to cross in front of.   
Person is walking slow. Person is a man.  Person is in the road.  Person is close to car. Person is on right of car. 
Pedestrian see's car. Pedestrian is making eye contact with car. Pedestrian is walking slow enough to allow car to pass.     
The pedestrian is waiting for car to pass.   They are slowly walking to the right of car. Pedestrian making eye contact with car.
Pedestrian is waiting for car to pass.    
Person is walking slowly. No crosswalk in road. Road could have ice. Person is 4 steps from curb. Person is 1 step from turn lane. Person is 1 lane from drivers lane. Person is moving slow. Pedestrians crossing use turn lanes as a place to wait. 
A person is walking into the middle of the road quickly.   They are facing the right side of the road. Cars should not cross over yellow lines. They are in the opposite lane of traffic.  They are in the middle of the road. They are on the left side of the car. They are far from our car.  They are near another car. 
Pedestrian is maintaining speed. Urban area. Shopping district to left, residential area to right. Two way road. Two lanes, with white dashed line, in each direction. Center turning lane with solid/dashed yellow lane combination.. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is walking across the way of traffic. Pedestrian is ahead of car. Pedestrian is behind SUV. Pedestrian is to the right of grey vehicle. 
The pedestrian is running. They are an adult. There are five lanes. This is a mixed residential and retail area. They are crossing the road. They are in the middle of the road. The pedestrian is to the left of the car. A car is passing the pedestrian. A pedestrian that is planning to cross without a crosswalk will run.
the pedestrian is running across the oncoming lane of traffic towards the driver's path. there's a gap between the driver and the vehicle in front that the pedestrian is likely to run across.  it's cloudy outside and the oncoming vehicle's headlights show it's getting dark. there's raindrops on the windshield of the vehicle and alternating wet and dry patches on the road. the road could be slippery.  the pedestrian is in the middle of the oncoming lane of traffic. they are running directly across the road.  the pedestrian is about 100 feet in front of the driver quickly approaching the driver's path.  
Pedestrian is jogging.   cloudy/dark.  auto sales.  houses/buildings.  turning lane.  2 lane road car side.  Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is almost in turning lane.  Pedestrian is left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.   
Pedestrian is a younger male. He is walking slowly right.  It is getting dark. It is raining. It is a 5 lane road.  He is on the left side of the road. They are entering the turning lane. They are 6 ft away from the left curb.  He is to the left of the driver. He is 6 car lengths away from driver. He is 5 ft to the left of driver.  
He is running from the left side and looking at the moving cars.   He is in the left lane.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down to the front car.  
He is walking briskly. His body is facing opposite side of road.  Two-lane road going each direction. Houses on right. Auto shop on left.  He is running from left to right side of road. He is near middle of road. His walking path is clear.  Car in front is passing him. Car is maintaining constant speed.  
Pedestrian is running.   Cloudy/dusk.  Center turning lane.  5 lane road across total.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.   Pedestrians should wear brighter colors when it's dark outside. 
The person has slowed down.  They are looking at the car. They are stopping.  They are in the middle of the road. They are in the middle of yellow lines. They are on the left side of the car. They are walking parallel with the car. They will not cross the car. 
Pedestrian stopped.  Pedestrian is in the middle of the center turning lane.  
The pedestrian stopped running. He turned his body toward the oncoming traffic.   The car is closer to him. A pedestrian will begin walking parallel to traffic if they don't plan to cross in front of oncoming traffic.
after reaching the left edge of the shared left-turn lane median, the pedestrian abruptly stopped. they will most likely wait for the driver to pass at this point before crossing.  in addition to the wet and dry patches on the road, there's also snow under the windshield wiper and piled up against the building to the right.  the pedestrian is standing just inside the left edge of the shared left-turn center lane.  the pedestrian is about 50 feet ahead of the driver, standing still.  
Pedestrian stops jogging.  Pedestrian standing.   Pedestrian is turning lane.  Pedestrian in middle of road. Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.  
He was standing and looking at my car.  This is almost dark around.  He is in the buffer zone of the road.  My car is speeding up. The front car is moving very fast.  
He went from running to stopping. He is now standing.   He has reached the middle of road.  Car is not slowing down. He is near car.  
Pedestrian stops walking.  Pedestrian sees car approaching.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is maintaining speed.  
I meant to change the crossing intent to NO for the last set of details.    
The pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to right of road. Two lane roads. Double yellow lines in middle of road. School zone. Clear weather. Good road conditions. Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is far from car. Pedestrian is next to other cars. 
Pedestrian is running.  Campus area Pedestrian is in the oncoming lane and running to the right.  Pedestrian is ahead of and to the left of the vehicle.  Yield to pedestrians. 
pedestrian is walking a little slow location seems like a campus Pedestrian is crossing from left side of road to right side.  Pedestrian is about 300ft from the driver 
it is a male, young, walking fast  he is close to the parked cars on the left side he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
pedestrian is walking fast.   distance between car and pedestrian is large. 
They are walking briskly. They do not see the car.  They are crossing. They are in the road. They are far ahead of the car. Car is moving moderately. 
They are walking quickly. Their body is facing opposite side of road. Parking lot on right.  They are crossing from left side of road to right. They are in middle of lane in opposite side of traffic.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance. Car is maintaining speed. Pedestrian is on left side of car.  
Pedestrian is walking quickly. Parking lot.  Parked cars.  2 lane road.  double yellow line.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is almost in middle of lane.  Pedestrian is in opposite traffic.  Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
The pedestrian emerged from a row of parked cars on the left side of the street, in oncoming traffic. They are walking very quickly to the right and taking large strides.  It's a two-lane road with street parking on either side. There's yellow lane dividers in the middle.  They are in the oncoming lane of traffic walking towards the driver's path. They are several feet to the left of the center of the road.  They are about 100 feet in front of the driver and several feet to the left of the driver's path.  It's a campus area near the basketball arena. Vehicles will usually yield to pedestrians. 
There is a person running. I cannot tell the gender, age, or occupation from a distance. The location looks like a neighborhood. The person is on the left side of the road  
person is walking. road is narrow.  person is in the middle of the opposite lane. person is far from this car. this car is moving fast. 
Target pedestrian walking normally. Campus area. Middle of two lane road. Far from this vehicle. Crossing when cars are far.
Pedestrian ran to cross. Pedestrian crossed road.  Pedestrian is on the right of the road. Pedestrian to right of car. Car maintained spped. Pedestrian looked at both cars while crossing.
Pedestrian ran across road    
Pedestrian begins running.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is almost in car lane.  
The person looks like he is male. There is street parking on both sides of the road.  There is a car coming from the opposite direction of the car. 
person is running.     
Pedestrian begins to run.    
The person is still walking.    This car is going too fast for the person to cross.  
Pedestrian slows down. Car maintained speed. Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is ahead of car. 
The pedestrian slowed their walking to a stop.  The car is approaching a flashing yellow traffic light.  The pedestrian is to the right of the road. The pedestrian is to the right of the car.  
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the road. Person is one lane from the right side of the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road.  Person is right of the driver. Person is 25 meters from the driver. Person is 4 steps from driver path. 
They are walking.  They stop walking. They are in between lanes. 
pedestrian stopped half way. Pedestrian is not going to cross in front of the car.    
Pedestrian is walking slowly.  Pedestrian is in-between lanes. Pedestrian is to the right of driver. Pedestrian stopped before crossing in front of driver to let them pass.
  Person in middle of road. Person is near car. 
They are in between lanes.  They stop walking.  
Targets are walking.  Road has no markings. Targets are mostly in the right lane. Targets are walking down the road. Targets are walking away from the driver. Targets are directly in the path of the driver. Pedestrians walking in the road generally notice traffic and will move out of the way to let them pass.
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the road. Person is 6 steps from the left side of the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking away from driver.  Person is in front of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is in driver path. 
Person is walking normally. Road is a side road. Road has 2 lanes. Road has no markings. Person is on road. Person is far from car. Person is in front of car. 
Pedestrian is walking toward the left side of road. Two lane road without markings. Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is far from the car. 
Pedestrian is child. Pedestrian is walking slowly. Pedestrian is not facing car. Pedestrian doesn't see vehicle.  road is not clearly marked. Road is a low traffic side road. Road has no sidewalk. Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian's trajectory is parallel to car's trajectory. Pedestrians trajectory intersects cars trajectory. Pedestrian is traveling same direction as car.  Children are unpredictable in traffic. 
Target is a child. Target is walking   Target is in the left lane. Target is walking down the road.  Target is to the left of the driver. Target will likely see driver coming and move to the far left of the road.
  They are walking away from my lane.  
The pedestrian is in the road. The pedestrian is approaching the car's path.  The car is on a back road.  The pedestrian is in the middle of the road. The pedestrian walking slowly to the left.  The pedestrian is in front of the car. The pedestrian is approaching the car's path from the right. The pedestrian is to the left of other road users.  
Pedestrians are walking in car's path. Pedestrians are children. Pedestrians have no shoulders to walk on.  road is narrow. Weather is not inclement. There is not alternative path for the pedestrians.  Pedestrians are very far in front of car. Pedestrian's are in car's path.  There are no other cars on the road. There are no other pedestrians on the road. Pedestrians are far in front of car. pedestrians are in car's path.  Pedestrians have right of way. Pedestrians do not have shoulder to walk on. Car should slow to allow pedestrians to have right of way. 
There is a kid walking. They are with another group of people.  None of them are paying attention to the car.   They are in the middle of the road.  They are in front of this car.  
The person is walking diagonally towards left. The person is moving away from the car path.  The person is on the middle of the road. A group of people is in way of the car. The car is slowing down for the group.  
She is walking on the road with a group of people.  There is no sidewalk on left or right side.  She is in the middle of the road.  My car is maintaining speed. She is with a group of people.  Moving cars yield to the pedestrians if they are already on the road. 
  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is 5 steps from driver path. 
  Person is on side of road. Person is left of road. Person is near car. Person is left of car. 
Pedestrian has seen car.   Pedestrian moved to left side of road.  Pedestrian moved away from car 
Target is a women.  No road markings. Target is to the left of the road. Target is directly left of the driver. Target saw driver and moved off the road.
Pedestrian moved to the left side of the road.    The pedestrian is walking on the left side of the car. Other road users are on the right side of the car.  
She is walking to the left side of the road.   She almost reached the left edge of the road.  She is close to my car. Other people is walking to right side of the road.  
Targets are walking.  Targets are to the left and to the right of the road. Targets are to the left and right of the driver. Targets saw driver and moved out of the way to let them pass.
Pedestrians are 5 children.
Pedestrians are walking slowly in same direction of car. 
Pedestrians occupy the same path as the car's intended path. 

 Weather is clear.
Weather is sunny.
Road is dry.
There is no shoulder for pedestrians to walk on.  Pedestrians are walking parallel with car's path. 
Pedestrians are very far away from car.
Pedestrians are facing away from car. Pedestrians are very far away from car.
There are no other pedestrians or vehicles on the road. Children's behavior in traffic can be unpredictable.
Pedestrians may not see car.
Pedestrians are moving to side of road to allow car to pass.
Pedestrians appear to have heard vehicle approach. 
Only one pedestrian has turned to look at vehicle. 
Vehicle is passing pedestrians.   Pedestrians have moved to allow car to pass. 
Pedestrians are very close to vehicle.  Pedestrians are on shoulders of road.  
People are walking normally. They are young. Road has 2 lanes. Road has no markings. People are on road.  People are far from car. They are in front of car. They are right of car. 
Pedestrians are a group of people. They are moving towards right side. Poor road conditions. No sidewalk. Pedestrians are covering the center of the road. They are walking in the same path as the car. 
Person is walking normal speed.   Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 4 steps on the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is in driver path. 
The pedestrians are walking on the edge of the road.  The car is on a back road. They are on the far right of the road. They are in the road. They are to ahead to the right of the car. 
They are walking in the middle of the road. They are walking in the same direction as my car.   They are on the road.  They are far from my car.  
They are in the road.  They are walking. There is a road rail to the right. 
They are walking. They are faced in the opposite direction of the car. Two lane road without markings. They are on the right side of the road. They are about four car lengths ahead of the car. 
There is a group of kids. They look like they may cross.   They are in the middle of the road. They are on the right side.  They are in front of the car.  
  People are right of road. They are near road. People are near car. They are right of car. Drive around the people.
Target moves closer to the right side.   They are on the right of the car. 
They noticed the car and started to move to the right.  They are on the right side of the road.  
They are kids.   They are still in the road. They got over to the right side.  They are to the right of the car. They are out of the way.  
They noticed the car and started to move to the road.  They are on the right side of the road.  
He is walking toward my lane. He is looking at my car.  The road is slippery due to rain.  He is in the left lane.  He is far from my car. Another person is in the car's way.  
Pedestrian is slowly walking. Snow. Wet road. One lane road. Parking lane. Downtown of city.  Pedestrian is on the left side of the road. Pedestrian is to the left of the car. Pedestrian is far from car.  
A person is walking. They are facing the right side of the road. They are walking to the right side of the street.  They are in the middle of the road.  They are near oncoming traffic. They are near oncoming traffic. They are on the left side of our vehicle.  Our car is far from the person.  
Pedestrian facing forward as he crosses street. He is Walking at a moderate pace.  City type environment.  Parking on right side.  Monument in center of road.  Two lane road.  Traffic signal ahead Pedestrian approaching center of street.  He is walking from left to right side of street.  Pedestrian is a safe distance from my car.  Oncoming traffic. No traffic ahead.  Pedestrian across from another pedestrian crossing. 
pedestrian is female. She is walking slowly right. It is wet. It is snowy. Driver is downtown.  She is in the middle of the road. She is between the oncoming traffic lane and the ongoing traffic lane. She is walking towards the right sidewalk.  She is to the left of driver. She is to the right of oncoming traffic. She is two car lengths away from driver.  
the pedestrian is walking towards the middle of the road. they are already crossing in front of oncoming vehicles that stopped for them. there is also a second pedestrian crossing at the same spot from the opposite direction that might influence them to continue crossing in front of the driver.  there is snow on some of the parked cars, along the curbs and in the median. it is cloudy and the road looks wet or icy. poor driving conditions.  they are halfway across the oncoming lane of traffic on the left. they are walking towards the right side of the road.  they are about 75 feet in front of the driver. with the road conditions and  near monument circle, cars will often stop to let pedestrians pass. 
Person is wakling quickly. Person is leaning forward to cross. Crosswalk in road. Road is made of bricks. Driver is downtown. Road has ice on it. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Persron is near car. Person is moving slowly compared to car. 
The person is in the street.  The person is very far ahead of my car.  
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian has hood on.  Snow/slush.  Parked cars on both sides.  2 lane road across.  Crosswalk.  Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is in front of stopped vehicle. Leave distance when driving in snow/slush.  Slow when approaching pedestrians crossing in street. 
They are a woman. They are maintaining walking speed. Downtown area. It is raining. Road it brick. Possible faux crosswalk made with brick pattern due to old road design. They are in the lane of oncoming traffic. They are walking across the road. They are walking in front of stopped taffic. They are walking in the opposite direction of another pedestrian. Driving slower on brick roads.
Pedestrian maintain walking speed.  Crosswalk.  Pedestrian is on the right side of the road.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  
The person is walking quickly. They are walking to the right side of the road. It is a woman.  They are in our traffic lane.  They are in the middle of the road.  They are on the left side in front of the car. They are walking perpendicular to the car. They are crossing in front of the car to the right side of the street. 
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian does not see car.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   
The person is walking fast.   The person is in the road.  They are in front of the car. They are a distance from the car. They are close to oncoming traffic. They are walking into oncoming traffic. 
The person is already crossing the street. This appears to be in a downtown area. There are a couple driveways and several buildings. There is also snow on the ground.  The person is in the middle of the road.  There is a car stopped letting another person cross.  Another person is crossing, usually if someone else is crossing, so will everyone else. 
pedestrian is halfway across the driver's path already. they are walking to the left and aren't looking at cars from the driver's direction.  there is snow on the ground all around. there is dirty snow on the curb and in the middle of the roadway. the brick roadway also looks wet and slippery. poor driving conditions.  they are halfway across one lane and almost to the midway point of the road. they are walking quickly to the left.  they are about 100 feet in front of the driver. they aren't facing the driver or looking at the driver.  
Pedestrian is a middle aged male. He is walking slowly left.  It is wet. It is snowy. He is downtown. There are no road markings. There are cars parked along street.  He is on right side of road. He is walking left. He is two steps into right lane. He is 7 steps away from right curb.  He is in front of driver. He is slightly to the right of drivers path. He is 4 car lengths away from driver.  
Pedestrian is walking at normal speed. Raining weather with slick roads. Brick pavement with brick design crosswalk. They are in the road. They are walking across the road. They are in the right lane. The pedestrian is close to opposite traffic. They are far from the car. Brick pavement crosswalk is unofficial but treated as a regular crosswalk.
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  Pedestrian is not acknowledging car.  Downtown area.  Parked cars on both sides. Crosswalk.  Snow/slush.   Pedestrian is in the road.  Pedestrian is in middle of car lane.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is a little ahead of car.  
He is walking from the right side. He is crossing my lane.  Road is slippery due to rain.  He is in my lane.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down. Another man is walking toward my lane from the left side.  
Her body is facing opposite side of road. They have a fast walking pace. Snow is on ground. Roads are wet.  Downtown area. They are walking right to left side of road. They are on right side of road.  They have stepped into cars lane. They are far in distance from car. Car is maintaining slow speed. Another pedestrian in front has crossed. 
Pedestrian is not looking at car coming.  Pedestrian is walking and maintaining speed.   Downtown area.  Parked cars to right and left of car.  Snow on ground with slushie roads.  Pedestrian is a few steps into road.   Pedestrian is in close proximity to car.  Car speed is slowing towards pedestrian.   
Person is walking quickly. Person is facing across road. Crosswalk in road. Ice possible on road. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is moving slowly relative to driver. Person is 1 lane from person B. 
 Crosswalk  Pedestrian is in middle of road walking across.   Pedestrian is close to car and cars on opposite side of road.   
The man is walking quickly. He is making eye contact with the car.   The pedestrian is very close to the front of the car. He appears to want to cross the street right in front of the car. The cars in front of this car are all stopping. This vehicle is going zero miles an hour. When traffic is at a standstill or stuck at a light, pedestrians sometimes cross between the vehicles.
The person is running.  its night  The person is right side of the road. The person is right side of the car.  The car is slowing down. The person is very close to the car.  
The pedestrian is walking quickly. He is looking at the car. He will cross.  It is in a business area. It is dark outside. There are cars parked on the side of the road.  He is on the right side of the road. He is walking into the road.  He is very close to the car. He is looking at the car. The car is slowing down/stopping. There are other vehicles ahead stopping. There is another pedestrian walking near him. 
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian has long walking strides.  night time.  Downtown/bar area.  Parked cars both sides.  Turning lane.  3 lanes across.  Pedestrian is a step into the road. Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is next to car.  caution when pedestrians so close to car. 
They are moving fast. They are looking. They are moving in front of this car. There is no crosswalk. This is a high pedestrian traffic area. Traffic is stopped ahead. It is nighttime. They are moving to the left. They are on the road.  They are on the right. They are very close.  Since traffic is stopped and this car is moving slow, they can safely cross. 
He is walking fast. He is looking at the car.   He is in the road. He is crossing. He is very close to the car. The car is stopped. He is in front of the car. 
Pedestrian appeared to start walking quickly. Pedestrian is looking at car.  There is no crosswalk. There are no traffic signs. It is dark out.  Pedestrian has stepped out of the shoulder and on to the road. The pedestrian is crossing in the lane the car would be driving in.  The pedestrian is very close to the car. The pedestrian is approaching the front of the car from the right hand side.  car should yield to pedestrian. 
Man is walking quickly to cross. Busy restaurant area. Dark at night. busy traffic. Man is walking in road to cross street. He is on the right of car. Car should stop for traffic. Car should stop for people in road.
The man is walking fast. The driver is in a shopping area. It is night. He is next to the road. He is several feet from the curb. He is in front of the driver. The man makes eye contact.
The man is walking fast.  The man is in the road. He is several feet from the curb.  
Pedestrian is walking extremely slowly. He is not looking at any cars. He is not alert. Night time. He is walking in the road. He is walking along the road. He is not in the way of the car. He is very close to car and others. 
The man is walking slowly. He is not looking both ways to cross the street.  He is walking the same direction as the car. All vehicles on the road are stopping. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly.   Downtown/bar area.  Parked cars both sides. Night time.  3 lane road with turning lane.   Pedestrian is a few steps off road.  Pedestrian in parking space.  Pedestrian is to the right of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.   Caution when driving in downtown area with pedestrians next to car.  
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. He is walking away from the car. He is not looking at the car.  It is in a city area. It is dark outside. There are cars parked on the side of the road.  He is walking on the right side of the road. He is walking parallel to the road.  He is very close to the car. The car is slowing down/stopped. The other pedestrian is crossing in front of the car. There are other vehicles stopped ahead.  
They are not looking. They are walking casually.  It is nighttime. This is a high pedestrian traffic area. There is no crosswalk. Traffic is stopped.  They are on the road. They are walking along the road.  They are very close. They are on the right.  
the person is walking fast.  the person is walking parallel to the road. the car is slowing down because of another person. 
The pedestrian is walking. They are looking straight ahead. Their body is turned slightly toward the road. He is an adult male. There are three lanes.  They are walking alongside the road.  They are on the right side of the car. They are very close to the car. Another pedestrian is near them. He is crossing now. If anyone is crossing in front of a moving car, other pedestrians will also cross.
The person is walking slowly. The driver is in a town area. The person is in the road. They are walking parallel to the curb. The curb is several feet away. The person is next to parked cars. The driver is stopped. They are near the driver. 
Man is walking quickly away. Busy restaurant area. Dark. Night time. Man is walking on right side of road. Man is walking away from car on right. Car should slow for people nearby. 
Pedestrian maintains slow walking.    Pedestrian is a step from road.  Pedestrian is next to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
The pedestrian looked at the car and continued walking in the same direction. He will not cross.    The other pedestrian is crossing. The car is slowing down.  
They looked for a moment. They kept walking after they looked.    Since they kept walking for several seconds after they looked, they do not want to cross. 
The pedestrian is walking. They looked back at the car. They turned back to face forward.  The pedestrian continued to walk along the side of the road.  
They are walking.  They are in the middle of the road. They are between cars. 
He is standing in the middle of the road. He is looking at the moving cars.   He is already on the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Pedestrian is slowly walking. Pedestrian looks to be male. In airport traffic Pedestrian is entering middle lane. Pedestrian is a couple car lengths ahead of vehicle. They are approaching other cars. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the left side of road. Three lane road. Pedestrian is in second lane of road. Pedestrian is behind the white SUV. 
Person is not walking.  Road has 3 lanes. Road is one-way. Person is on road. They are in right lane.  They are far from car. They are right of car. 
This person is walking. They are already in the road.  This looks like some sort of parking garage.  They are in the road. They are on the right side.  They are in front of this car. They are to the right side.  
Target is walking. One way road. Target in walking from right to left across road. Target is in the middle lane. Target is to the right of the driver. Target is walking towards the driver's lane. 
The pedestrian is standing on the right side of the road.   The car is on a highway.  The pedestrian is standing in the road. The pedestrian is facing the left.  The pedestrian is to the right of the car.  
Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian is trying to cross illegally. Pedestrian has intention to cross in front of car.  Road is at airport with high pedestrian traffic.  Pedestrian is in the middle fo the road. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to the flow of traffic.  pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian's trajectory is perpendicular to the flow of traffic. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to the car's trajectory. Car is on collision course with pedestrian.  Pedestrians crossing street illegally are unpredictable. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is in the middle of the road. Person is two lanes from the left side of the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road.  Person is right of the driver. Person is 40 meters from driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
They are walking slowly.  They are between cars. They stop as my car approaches. 
He sees the car and begins to stop. Car maintains speed. He is in middle of road. He is to the right of the car. 
  Person is in middle lane. Person is near car. They are right of car. Car maintained its speed. 
The person is now stopped. They are waiting on the car to pass.   They are still in the road.  They are to the right of this car.  
Target is walking very slowly.  Target is in the middle lane. Target is walking slowly across road. Target is directly right of driver.  Target saw driver and is waiting for them to pass to cross road. 
The pedestrian is stopped in the road. The pedestrian slowed their walking.   The pedestrian is stopped on the right side of the road.  The pedestrian is stopped to the right of the car.   
Pedestrian has stopped to allow car to pass.     
Person is walking slowly. Driver is at an airport. Person is in the middle of the road. Person is two lanes from the left side of the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 20 meters from driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian is walking at a normal speed.  Road is not marked well. Road is a residential street.  Pedestrian is crossing from right sidewalk to left sidewalk. Pedestrian is stepping into road.  pedestrian is stepping off right hand sidewalk. Pedestrian is crossing from right hand sidewalk to left hand sidewalk.  Residential streets have high pedestrian traffic. 
They are walking.  They have stepped off the curb. They are looking straight ahead. 
Pedestrians are walking at a normal pace. They didn't seem to see the vehicle.  The pedestrians are one step in to the street. The pedestrians are crossing the path of the vehicle. They are a couple car lengths ahead of the vehicle. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 1 step from the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 35 meters from driver. Person is 1 step from driver path. 
People are walking normally. Road has 2 lanes. Road has no markings. Road in residential area. They are near the road. They are right of road.  They are near car. They are right of car. Let the people cross.
Targets are women. Targets are walking. Residential area.  Targets are on the right sidewalk. Targets are walking from right to left across road.  Targets are directly in front of driver. Targets will expect driver to yield to them crossing road as the driver is moving slowly
They started walking on the road. They are looking at my car.  This is a residential area.  They are on the road.  They are far from my car. My car is going slow.  
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the left side of road. Two lane road. No road markings. Pedestrian is on the right side of road. Pedestrian is ahead of car. 
The pedestrians are stepping off the curb. They are crossing from the right. The car is on a residential street. They are on the right side of the road. They are facing the road. They are further ahead of the car. They are on the right side of the car. 
The pedestrians are walking. They are stepping into the street. They are not looking at the car.  This looks like some sort of neighborhood.  They are to the right of the road.  They are in front of the vehicle. They are on the right side.  
They are crossing.  They are on left side of road. They are on the left of car. Drier slowed down for pedestrians.
I cannot tell the gender. They are walking farther into the street.  The person is in the middle of the road. They are very close to the other cars. They are far from this car. If he is approaching the street, that means he will likely try to cross. 
Pedestrian is male. He is walking slowly.   He is approaching the center yellow lines from the left. He is in the middle of the left lane. He is walking diagonal on road.  He is to the left of driver. He is 10-15 car lengths in front of driver. He is 15 feet to the left of driver.  
The pedestrian is walking in the road. This is a retail area. There are five lanes. They are directly in the road. There are vehicles passing them.  
He is walking from the left side. He is looking at the moving cars.   He is in the left lane.  He is far from my car.  
Pedestrian is slowly walking.  Two lane road both sides. Restaurants and strip malls on both sides of road.  Pedestrian is on the left side of the road.  Pedestrian is to the left of the car. Pedestrian is far from car. Traffic ahead is close to pedestrian. Pedestrian is to the left of traffic.  
Pedestrian has walking speeds towards oncoming traffic.   4 lane across road, businesses on right and left side of car.  Parking lot to right of car.   Pedestrian is walking towards middle of road. Pedestrian is to the left of vehicle.  Pedestrian is quite some distance from car.  Several others cars on road in front of car.   
pedestrian is in the oncoming traffic lanes approaching the center yellow lines. given the vehicles in front of the driver that are further ahead and the pedestrian's walking speed, it seems most likely they'll wait until traffic clears to cross.   pedestrian is in the oncoming traffic lanes, slowly approaching the center yellow lines in the road.  pedestrian is about 150 feet in front of the driver and two lanes to the left of the driver's lane.  
The pedestrian is walking slowly. Retail area. Two-way road with two lanes each and middle turning lane. They are in the lane of opposite traffic. Their walking path is across the road. They are in the middle of the road. They are coming close to oncoming traffic. They are on the left side. They are far from the car. 
Pedestrian is facing forward.  4 lane highway. Commercial area.  Pedestrian is in middle of road.  He is walking from left to right side.  my car is maintaining speed.  Multiple cars passing pedestrian.   
A larger person is walking in the middle of the road. They are facing the right side of the street. They are walking slow.  They are walking to the right side of the road.  They are in the middle of the road. They are in the opposite lane of traffic. They are near other oncoming vehicles.  They are far from our car. THey are on the left side of our car. 
Person is walking slowly across road.  No crosswallk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is far from driver. Person is moving toward car. 
The man slowed his walking to let the other cars and this car pass.  The man continued to walk into the street. The others cars did not stop. They continued to pass.  If someone slows their walking, they are unlikely to pass. 
Pedestrian has slowed down walking speed. Male. His head is turned looking at oncoming traffic.   He is slightly left to the middle of the road.  He is to the left of the car. He is relatively close to the car.  
Pedestrian is maintaining slow walking speed up to oncoming traffic.      
Pedestrian has slowed walking.   They are close to the left lane traffic. They see the car and are slowing down. 
Pedestrian has slower walking pace.  His head is turned towards my car.     Car is maintaining speed and in far right lane. Shorter distance between car and pedestrian.  
Man is standing in road. Man is looking at driver. No crosswalk in road. Man is in middle of road. Man is crossing straight across road. Man is 2 steps from driver. Man is not moving. 
The pedestrian is standing on the side of the road. There are two lanes. There are cars parked along both sides of the road.This is a residential area. They are close to a parked vehicle. They are standing on the side of the driving path. The pedestrian is not very close to this car. This car is traveling slow enough for them to cross before the car reaches them. Pedestrians don't expect cars to speed up if they are in the road in a residential area.
Person is standing still.  No crosswalk in road. Person is 1 step from being in lane.  Person is behind car. Person is far from driver. 
Pedestrian is standing. Residential Area. Two way road. They are to the right of the road. They are close to traffic. Their walking direction is into the road. Pedestrian is between parked vehicles. They are far from the car. 
Pedestrian is male. He is standing.  There are cones in the road. There are cars parked on side of road.  He is on right side of road. He is 1 step into right lane. He is standing.  He is to the right of driver. He is 4 car lengths away from driver. He is 3 ft to the left of driver. He is between two cars 
Pedestrian is standing.   Residential area.  Construction cones.   Cars parked on both sides of street.  Double yellow line.  Pedestrian is a few steps into road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is by parked car.   
A man is facing the street. He is walking into the street.  He is in the parking lane. He is facing the road.  He is stepping into the road. He is on the right side of our car.  He is far from our car. People stand by parked cars. You never know if they are going to cross.
Pedestrian has slow walking speed. Pedestrian is by parked car    Residential area.  Construction cones.  Parked cars on both sides of street.  Double yellow line.  2 lane road.   Pedestrian is a few steps into road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Car is maintaining speed.   
They are walking slowly. Their body is facing opposite side of road.  Wide roads. Car parked on right side of street.  They are walking from right to left side of road. They are standing between two parked cars. Their walking path is clear.  Car is maintaining constant speed. They are close in distance to car. They are on the right side of car.  
pedestrian is leaning into the vehicle's lane. pedestrian is checking to see if the road is clear.     
He is standing and looking at my car.   He is at the right edge of the road.  My car is close to him. My car is slowing down. The front car is far away.  
The pedestrian stands still with his hands in his pockets.   He is standing in the same place. He is not moving to cross. There is another vehicle coming in the opposite lane.  A pedestrian will usually not cross if both lanes have oncoming traffic.
Man is standing still. No crosswalk in road.  Man is facing road. Man is not walking. Man is 3 steps from curb. Man is behind parked car A. Man is 5 steps from parked car B. Man is not moving. Man is standing behind car A looking to see if lanes are open. He is standing with hands down as if waiting to cross.
Pedestrian was facing the road. They saw the car. Could be crossing behind or entering the parked vehicle.    
Pedestrian still standing.  Pedestrian doesn't move.   Pedestrian is few steps into road.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is next to parked car.  
The young man is standing in the parking lane. He is facing traffic. He is not moving.  He is in the parking lane. He is on the right side of the road.  He is on the right of the car. He is close to our car. 
Pedestrian stops.  Pedestrian is watching car.  He has hands in pockets.    Pedestrian is a few steps in road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   
He has not moved as car approached. He is still standing still. He has his hands in his pocket.    Car is not slowing down as it approaches pedestrian. Car is near pedestrian.  
pedestrian is standing on the right side of the road. pedestrian is waiting for the road to clear.   pedestrian is stationary to the right of the road.  pedestrian is just in front of the vehicle. pedestrian is to the right of the vehicle's path.  
He is standing at the right edge of the road.   He is close to the road.  My car is speeding up.  
The man is walking slowly. He has on a backpack, he may be a student. He is looking toward my car. It is near a campus and student housing apartments.  He is in the middle of the road.  If someone is standing in the street, it is likely they will try to cross.
Pedestrian is walking consistently. Campus area.  Pedestrian is in the lane of oncoming traffic. They are crossing the road. They are far ahead of the car. They will be on the left side of the car. 
Pedestrian is walking.  4 lane road across.  Double yellow line middle of road.  Sidewalks on both sides of street.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is making right turn.   Slow speed when pedestrian is in middle of street. 
the pedestrian is already crossing the oncoming lanes of traffic and will likely cross in the gap between the driver and the car further ahead. the driver is coming out of a slow turn making it more likely the pedestrian will cross.   the pedestrian is walking in the oncoming traffic lane towards the middle of the road.  the pedestrian is about 50 feet ahead of the vehicle and to the left of the vehicle's path. they are walking to the right towards the vehicles path to cross.  in a campus area and near some student dorms. drivers will usually go slower in this area. however the road here is long without any noticeable signals or signs to stop and so drivers might not be expecting pedestrian crossings and might not stop for them. 
They are walking slowly. Their head is turned towards car. They have seen car.   He is in turning lane in middle of road. They are walking from left to right side of road.  Car is turning down road. Car is driving slow. He is on left side of car. He is close in distance to car.  
He is walking slowly from the left side. He is looking at my car.   He is in the left lane.  He is far from my car.  
Person is walking slowly. Person is facing across road. No crosswalk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 3 car lengths from driver. Person is moving slowly. Pedestrian will let driver go by first since no crosswalk is present and driver can pass faster than pedestrian can.
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   Double yellow line.  2 lane car side.  sidewalks.   Pedestrian is a few feet into road.   Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic.  Caution when pedestrians are walking towards your lane of traffic.
Pedestrian is male. They are walking slowly right. He is close to campus. There is a stoplight ahead.  He is in middle of road. He is crossing double yellow lines now. He is 10 steps from right sidewalk. He is walking towards the right sidewalk.  He is to the left of driver. He is four car lengths away from driver. He so 5ft to the left of driver.  
They are young. They are facing the right side of the street. The student is walking.  They are in the middle of the road.  They are walking to the right side of the road. They are far from the car. 
The man slowed his walking.   He continued to walk farther in the street and closer to my car.  
   Pedestrian begins to walk diagonally to cross behind car. 
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed. Pedestrian is holding coffee doesn't want to spill.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is increasing speed.  
the pedestrian continued walking towards the other side of the road. as the driver approached, the pedestrian angled diagonally in order to cross behind the vehicle as the vehicle passes. the pedestrian looks to be a middle-aged man.   the pedestrian is standing on the yellow center lines of the road walking diagonally towards the sidewalk and towards the driver's vehicle.  the pedestrian is about 10 feet to the left of and 20 feet in front of the driver. they are walking diagonally towards the driver.  
He is walking at a moderate pace.   He is in middle of road. He is continuing to walk towards other side of road.  Car is not slowing down. He is near car.  
Pedestrian maintains moderate walking.  Pedestrian sees car.  4 lane road across.  Traffic light.  Outside campus area. Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
  He has entered the 1st lane past the yellow lines.   
The young man is walking.  The man is a student.  He is facing the car. He is paying attention to traffic.  The man is in the middle of the road. He is crossing to the right side of the road.  The car is close to the man.  The man is on the left side of the car.   
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 10 meters from the driver. 
They are still standing.   They are still on the sidewalk.   Since this car is moving fast and there is no crosswalk, they will not cross. They will wait for a break in traffic to cross. 
The pedestrian is standing relaxed on the sidewalk on the left side of the car. They are not making a movement to cross as the car approaches quickly.   The car is now closer to the pedestrian. The pedestrian is waiting at the same spot. The pedestrian is looking in the other direction. They are not making sudden movements.
Person is standing still. Person is not leaning to walk.  Person is facing straight across road. Person is not walking. Person is 3 steps from parked car. Person is 4 car lengths from driver. 
The person has long hair. They are wearing a badge.  The person starts to walk across the road. The person is on the left sidewalk. The person is close to this car. 
They are standing. they are male. they are middle-aged.  There are 5  one way lanes They are on the right side of the road. they are near the right curve. they are in the first right lane. they are three car lines away from the driver. 
Man is walking slowly. Wide road with no crosswalk. Man is standing in road near parking lane. Man is far from car on the right near parked car. Man should not cross busy road. Car should slow.
The pedestrian is on the right side of the road. He is bending forward looking at oncoming traffic. They look like an older adult. There are three driving lanes. There are two lanes for parked cars. They are facing the road.  They are standing in front of a parked car. This car is three lanes away from the him. This car is moving quickly. It is getting closer to where he will cross. 
This person stands still on the road. This is a large one-way road. They are on the right-most lane of the road. They are wanting to walk to the left sidewalk. They are far from this car. 
Person is standing still. Person is leaning forward.  No crosswalk in road. Person is 2 steps from curb. Person is 1 step from parked car. Person is far from driver.  
They are standing.  This is a three-lane road. There is street parking. There is no crosswalk. They are facing the road. They are on the road. They are standing 2 lanes to the right.  They are on the right. They are 100 feet away.  Since they are too far away, they will not cross. 
Person is standing. Driver is near a parking lot. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 2 steps from the road. Unsure of person's walking path. Person is right of driver. Person is 35 meters from driver. 
Adult male. They are standing. They are facing the road. They are facing perpendicular of the driver.  There are buildings. There is a parking lot.  They are standing in the road. They are four feet away from the right side curb. They are on the right side of the vehicle. They are 45 feet away from the vehicle. They are 4 feet away from the right side curb. They are standing 2 feet away from a parked vehicle on the right side of the road. 
A patient is leaving the hospital. he is a man. He is facing the road.  They are on the right side of the road.  They are facing the road. They are in the parking lane. They are far from our car.  They are on the right side of our car.  On a one way street with three lanes, a person is not likely to attempt to cross in front of you.
   The driver is too far ahead for the person to cross their path. 
They are walking slowly. Their bodies are facing opposite side of road.   They are crossing from right to left. They have stepped out onto the road. Car is moving fast. They are close to car.  
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Speed limit sign.  Residential area.   Pedestrians are a few feet into road.   Pedestrians are to the right of car.  Pedestrians are close to car. Pedestrians in lane next to car.  
they are walking slow. road is wide.  they are on one side if the lane. they are closer to this car. 
They are walking faced to the left.  They are in middle of road. They are next the car. Driver mainted speed.
They are two people. They are both males. They look like they are in their mid-age.   They are on the right side of the car. 
pedestrian is walking slowly    
 speed limit is 40mph.   
Pedestrian body is facing opposite side of road. They are walking slowly.  Two way, one lane road.  She is on the left side of road. She is walking from left to right. She is a foot away from road. Car in front is moving slow. Pedestrian and car are close in distance. Car pulled over on right side of road.  
pedestrian is walking slow, female, young. it is two line road she is on the left side of the road she is far from the car, no other people are on the car's way 
There is a person standing on the grass. She is holding a child. She looks like a mother. The location is a country road. She is standing on the left side of the road. She looks like she wants to cross the road after the cars pass. There is a car in front of the car. 
They are looking in the other direction. They are stopped. They seem patient. Car is pulled over. They are approaching road. They are close to road. They are moderately close to car. Car is moving slowly. Other car is moving slowly. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly.   2 lane road.  double yellow.  Residential area.   Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on grass.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is closer to vehicle.  
The woman is approaching the road from the left side. She is walking slowly up the embankment towards the road. There is a car on the right side of the road just opposite her that is pulled over, she might be walking towards that.   They are several feet from the left edge of the roadway, walking slowly towards it.  She is about 40 feet in front of the driver and about 15 feet to the left of the driver's lane. She is slowly walking towards the driver's lane. 
adult woman walking up to road to cross Road is single lane road with double line woman is at edge of road on left side in grass woman is 10 meters away from van in front of car and 25 meters from car 
person is standing. person has hands up to their face. road is narrow.  person is neat the right side of road. person is on the grass. person is in front of a pulled up car. she is right of gray van. person is far from this car. car has slowed down. pulled up car on the side of road means, to move away if possible.
pedestrian is standing. He will not move.     
She is walking. She is faced to the right side of the road.  She is on the left side of the road. She is ahead of the silver van. 
She is walking slowly. Her head is turned the other direction. She is carrying a baby.   She has started to step into road.  Car has slowed down.  Cop pulled over car on right side of road.  
Pedestrian begins walking.  Pedestrian looking for oncoming traffic.   Pedestrian is a step into the road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.   
The woman is heading towards the vehicle and people opposite the road from her, but she is going intentionally slowly to let the traffic clear. She is not going to cross in front of the vehicle.   They are a step left from the left edge of the roadway walking slowly toward the road at a slight angle.  They are about 30 feet in front of the driver and about 10 feet to the left of the driver's path. They are directly across the street from the pulled over vehicle and the other woman standing on the right.  
The woman is carrying a baby. 
The woman approaches the road slowly with caution
The woman waited for the car to pass The weather is a bright sunny day the woman has stepped on to the pavement of road to left of white line The woman is 8 meters away from the car 
She will not cross. Cars on side of road.  She is to the left of the car. Driver slows down for pedestrian.
Pedestrian is a young mother. She is holding her baby. She is walking normally.  There is a police presence  Pedestrian is on the left side of the road. She is walking to the right.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the left of vehicle  
person is standing.   person is stopped by a police. she is with someone. other people are approaching her.  
Pedestrian is a young mother. She is holding her baby. She is walking normally  there is a police presence  Pedestrian is on the left side of the road. She is walking to the right.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the left of vehicle.  
There is a person standing. She looks like a mother. The location looks like a country road. She is on the right side of the road. She is standing on the grass. There is a car in front of the car. 
The pedestrian is on right side of car THis is a one lane road. Traffic is heavy   Pedestrian in on a phone. 
They are  standing still. They are distressed.  Car accident ahead. They are close to road. They are not in road. They are close to other car. They are a moderate distance from car. Both are moving slowly. Other person is approaching road. Drive very slowly around a car accident.
Pedestrian is standing.   They are one foot away from road. They are standing near parked car.  Car in front is going slow. Car is going slow. Pedestrian is on right side of car.  
She is walking. She is faced to the left. White car on side of road. She is on the right side of the road. She is next to the white car. 
The woman is standing in front of a car pulled over off the side of the road to the right. She looks like she might be on her phone. She is standing still beyond the shoulder and doesn't intend to cross.  It's a two-lane road but with shoulders on either side of the road.  She is several feet from the edge of the road, standing still.  She is about six feet from the driver's path. She is standing about 40 feet in front of the driver and about 10 feet in front of the vehicle in front of the driver.  
person is walking slow. road is very narrow.  person is far from road. person is far from this car. the car is driving slow.  
Pedestrian is standing still. Rural area. 2 lane road.  Double yellow line in middle. Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on grass. Pedestrian is in front of parked vehicle.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
the person is female, standing, young  she is on the right side of the road she is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
person is carrying a baby. police car on the right side of the road. person is on the left side of the road. this person approaching these people.  
There is a person standing. She looks like a mother. The location looks like a country road. She is on the right side of the road. She is standing on the grass. There is a car in front of the car 
She is standing. She will not cross.    Driver slows down for pedestrian.
Pedestrian is a middle aged woman. She is looking at vehicle. She is standing  There is a police car behind the vehicle  Pedestrian is standing on right shoulder of the road.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the right of vehicle  
Pedestrian is standing still.  Pedestrian is on phone. Pedestrian has a flat. Emergency vehicle.  Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on grass. Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is standing in front of vehicle. 
Target is running.  Target is in the left lanes. Target is running from left to right across the road. Target is directly left of driver. Target is in front of other road users. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly towards the street. The Pedestrian's path is perpendicular to the car's path.   Pedestrian is close enough to be visible of behavior. Pedestrian is on the opposite side of road as car.  Pedestrian is approaching the road. Pedestrian does not appear to be walking fast enough to be in the way of the car.  
Person is running in the street in the opposite lanes. There is a traffic light ahead Person is on the left of the car. They are close to the car. Person is right in front two cars in the opposite lanes. Stopping for the person in the middle of the street.
The pedestrian begins to run across the road. They are facing the right sidewalk. The car is on a wide laned road.  They are in the road. They are quickly crossing from the left. The pedestrian is just ahead to the left of the car. 
They are walking fast and running.  They stop before getting to my car's lane.  
He starts to run. Traffic light ahead. He is in the first lane. He is about two car lengths in front of the car. 
Pedestrian is running into street. Pedestrian appears to be attempting to cross.   Pedestrian is very close to car now.  
 The car is maintaining speed.   
Pedestrian is now running into intersection. Pedestrian is attempting to cross in front of car.   Pedestrian is very close to car.   
Pedestrian is now running into the street.   Pedestrian is very close to car. Pedestrian could be struck by car.   Pedestrian is running into the path of car. 
The pedestrian slows down. They are looking at the car.   They are on the left side of the car.  
Pedestrian appears to only be crossing halfway across road. Pedestrian is looking at oncoming traffic.   Pedestrian is very close to car.   
Pedestrians are walking.  traffic light.   Pedestrians are few steps into road.  Pedestrians are to left of car.  
The target is walking fast.   The target is walking on the road. They are left side of the car. The car is maintaining its speed. They are crossing the road.  
They are walking casually.  There is no crosswalk. The light is red. They are on the road. They are walking to the right.  They are on the left. They are 200 feet away. They are approaching fast. 
The people are walking slowly.  The driver is near a light. The driver is in a shopping area. They are in the road. They are next to the curb. The driver is reducing speed. The people are far from the driver. 
Two men are walking quickly. Business area. Wide lanes. Traffic lights ahead. They are walking in the road to the right. They are on the left of car. Car should slow for people.
Two pedestrians are walking together. They are adults. There are 4 lanes. This is a street in a retail area. They are walking across the road. They are not close to this car. When two people are walking together, it is more likely they will cross in front of a car.
The pedestrians are walking at an average speed across the road. They will continue to cross.  There is a traffic signal ahead. It is in a business area.  They are in the left lanes of the road. They are walking directly into the road.  They are far from the car. They are in front on the left side of the car. The car is maintaining speed. There are other cars stopped ahead.  
Tow pedestrians are crossing the street. The traffic lights are red. They are several feet in front of the car.  The car is going a moderate speed. 
They are confident. They are moving briskly. They are men. They are not looking at the car. Stop light ahead is red. They are crossing. They are in the road. They are far ahead of the car. The car is slowing down. Other cars are stopped. 
Pedestrian raises hand.  Pedestrians see car.  Pedestrians are walking.  stopped vehicles.  2 left turning lanes, straight and right turning lane.   Pedestrians are in middle of road.  Pedestrians are in front of car.  Pedestrians should cross at crosswalk. 
They are looking. They are walking faster. There are four lanes going this way. They are approaching the yellow line. They are 100 feet away.  Since the light is red, this car slowed down to let the pedestrians cross.
The people are running.    The people waved thanking the driver for letting them pass.
The pedestrians are crossing in front of the car.    The car is slowing down/stopping. 
The pedestrians are walking quickly.  They are crossing right in front of the car. The car is slowing down. 
Pedestrian is walking.  Downtown area.  One way road.  Sidewalk.   Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
The man appears to be holding something. He is walking slowly. The traffic lights are green. He is by the backside of a car. He might be putting something in the car. This is a one-way road. Other cars are all driving at a moderate speed. 
The pedestrian is walking. They are an adult. There are four lanes. This is a one-way street. They are walking toward the road. They are not close to this car. They are on the left of the car. 
Man is walking slowly. Downtown city street. Busy three lane road. Man is left of road on sidewalk. Man is next to parked car. He is on the left of car. Car should slow, but not stop in busy traffic.
They are moving slowly. They see car. Green light. Busy road. They are approaching road. They are not in road. They are approaching road. They are not in road. They are close to other cars. Others are moving fast. 
the person is walking.   The person is on the sidewalk. The person is far from this car. 
The man is walking normally. The driver is in the city. He is near the road. He is on the sidewalk. The man is in front of the driver. He is near parked cars. 
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. They are not looking at the car. They might cross.  It is in a city area. There is a traffic signal ahead. They are on the left side of the road. They are walking towards the road.  They are very far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. They are in front and to the left of the car. There are other cars ahead. They are close to those cars. The cars are maintaining speed.  
They are walking.  The light is green.  They are on the sidewalk. They are walking to the right. They are on the left. Traffic is moving. Since traffic is flowing, the pedestrian will not attempt to cross.
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian stops walking. Pedestrian is carrying something in hand.  Traffic light.  Parked vehicle. Crosswalk.    Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is behind parked vehicle.  
The person stopped walking. He is watching the car to pass.  He stepped on the road. The person is close to the car. The car is maintaining its speed. 
The man is stopped.  He is a couple feet from the curb.  
The pedestrian stopped walking. They will not cross.   He is on the right side of the road. He has stepped into the road.  He is closer to the car than before, He is very close to another car. The car is maintaining speed. The other car is maintaining speed.  
Target pedestrian walking normally. It is a campus area. Middle to other side of road. Far from this vehicle. Crossing when cars are far.
person is walking slowly.  person is in college campus. person is in middle of road. person is on the opposite side of traffic.  person is far from this car. car is driving slow. 
Pedestrian walking moderately.   Campus area.  No parking sign.  Parking lot.  Parked cars.   Pedestrian is a few steps into road.  Pedestrian in far lane.  Pedestrian far from car.  Pedestrian to left of car.  Pedestrian in opposite side of traffic.   
They are taking big steps. They do not see the car. Campus They are crossing. They are in the road. They are far ahead of the car. Car is moving slowly. 
the person is male, walking slow, middle age  he is in the middle of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
pedestrian is walking briskly.  distance between car and pedestrian is large  
Pedestrians in walking. Appears to be a college aged male.  College campus  Pedestrians is in the oncoming lane. He is walking to the right.  Pedestrian is very far in front of vehicle 
They are walking normally. He looks like a college student. It looks like it's on a college campus They are already on the road crossing. They are on the left side with oncoming traffic. The car started slowing down. The car is still far away from the person 
The person is walking from the parking lot on the left towards the classroom building on the right. They're in the left most lane. They're taking very large strides and walking quickly to the right. There's no other traffic in the way, they'll definitely cross.  It's a three-lane road with sidewalks on both sides. There's a parking lot and student center to the left and a classroom building to the right. There are no crosswalks or signals though.  They're in the left-most lane of the road and very quickly walking to the right across the road.  They're about 100 feet in front of the driver and two lanes to the left. On a campus area, drivers will often yield to pedestrians even without a signal or crosswalk. 
Pedestrain is walking. Pedestrain is faced toward the right side of the road. Campus area. The pedestrian is on the left side of the road. The pedestrian is far from the car. 
Their body is facing opposite side of street. Campus area. Pedestrian is on left side of the road. They are a few steps off the sidewalk.  Pedestrian and car are far in distance from each other.  They are left of car.  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed. Pedestrian does not see car.   Pedestrian is close to middle of road.   Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic.  Pedestrian in lane left of car.  
  he is on the right side of the road, close to the sidewalk. he is far from the car 
  They are on the right side of the road. They crossed the road The car increased the speed 
He has crossed. Driver reduces speed for pedestrian. He is on the right side of the road. He is next to the silver car. 
Pedestrian maintained walking speed. They are looking down.  Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. They are walking to left side of road. Car is maintaining speed. Pedestrian and car are about 6 car lengths away from each other. 
Pedestrian maintained walking speed. They are looking down.  Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. They are walking from left to right side of road.   
person is walking on side walk.  campus area.  person is on the right side of road.  this car is near a car in the opposite direction. 
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  Campus area.  Parking lot.  No parking sign.  Parked cars.   Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
female student is walking along the right sidewalk away from the vehicle. she cannot see the vehicle.  it's a two-lane road with center yellow lines. There is no shoulder. There are no visible crosswalks or signs that would cause the driver to slow or stop.  she is walking several feet away from the edge of the roadway. she is on a parallel path to the roadway.  she is about 30 feet in front of the vehicle and about six feet to the right of the vehicle's path.  it's a college campus area with lots of pedestrians and a large parking area. vehicles normally would let pedestrians cross without a crosswalk or signal. 
Pedestrian is walking. Campus area. Pedestrian is on right side of road. Pedestrian is ahead of car. 
Pedestrian is walking on right side of car  THe walking path is parallel to car  
They look over their shoulder at car. They are walking fast. sidewalk ends ahead. They are not in road. they are walking along road. They are moderately close to car.  
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is a female.  College campus  Pedestrian is walking with traffic. She is on a sidewalk next to the road.  Pedestrian is in front of vehicle.  
Pedestrian body is facing forward. They are maintaining current walking speed.  Campus area. Parking lot to the right of car.  They are walking on sidewalk next to road.  Vehicle is maintaining speed. Car and pedestrian are about two car length away. 
the person is female, young, with backpack, walking slow  she is walking on the right sidewalk she is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
There is a person walking at a normal pace. She looks like a college student. The location is a school campus. She is walking in the direction the car is going. She is on the right side of the car. She is walking on the curb.  
he is slowing down.  he is on sidewalk.  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian sees car.   Crosswalk.   Pedestrian is a step off the road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is next to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
She turned to the left.   Car is going to fast to allow pedestrian to pass. 
They are looking at car. They are waiting. They are stopped.   They are very close to car. 
Her head is turned towards the car.  She is maintaining walking speed. Her shoulders are turned towards road.  She is near curb of sidewalk.  Car is not slowing down in speed. Car and pedestrian are close in distance.  
Pedestrian is on left side of car.  Distance between car and pedestrian is large.  
There is a person walking at a normal pace. Gender and occupation are hard to tell from a distance. The location is the outskirts of downtown. There person is on the left side of the road. The person is already on the road. There is ongoing traffic. 
person is standing under a tree.  road is wide. there are three lanes. person is near the left side of road.  person is near the grey car. they are far from this car. there are multiple cars.  
Their body is facing opposing traffic. THey are maintaining walking speed.  Three lane road. Industrial area.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance. Car is maintaining speed. Car in front are passing pedestrian.  
Pedestrian standing still.  The road is very wide  Pedestrian is on the left side of the road  Pedestrian is in front of and to the left of vehicle. There are other vehicles adjacent to pedestrian.  
the pedestrian is a male, standing, middle age  he is on the left sidewalk he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
The person was stopped on the sidewalk on the left. As the driver is approaching them, they stepped into the roadway. They're a couple of lanes over though and don't seem likely to cross in front of the vehicle with how fast the driver is going.  It's a wide five-lane one-way road. There's sidewalks on either side, but no crosswalks, signs or signals.  They're just stepping into the road from the left side, walking slowly to the right.  They're about 75 feet in front of the driver and two lanes to the left of the driver's lane. They're next to several other cars a bit ahead of the driver.  
They are standing still. One way road. They are on edge of road. They are far ahead.  
Pedestrian standing still.  One way road.  4 lanes across.  Buildings.  Parking lot.   Pedestrian is on sidewalk. Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is next to vehicle.  
Pedestrian is walking. Four lane road. City area. Pedestrian is on left side of road. Pedestrian is next to the silver car. 
she is walking slowly. she is looking at this car.  she is on the road.  she is closer to this car.  
They have started to walk slowly. Her head is facing towards car.   She has stepped of the curb. She is starting to enter farthest left lane.  Car is not slowing down speed. Pedestrian and car are close in distance.  
Pedestrian begins slowly walking.  One way sign.  Cloudy. Pedestrian is a few feet into road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is in first lane.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is in first lane. Pedestrian is to the left of car. Car slows down. Driver becomes cautious when close to pedestrian.
The pedestrian starts to walk back to the sidewalk. The person in the road with him does the same.    
She is bending over to pick something up.    She is about 3 car lengths away from driver. 
Person is walking slowly. Person picked something up from road. Person is not facing other side of road.  Person is 2 steps from curb. Person is walking back to sidewalk.  Person is 3 steps from pedestrians. Person is 2 car lengths from driver. 
The man is walking to the right side of the street. He is walking to the sidewalk.  He is on the right side of the road. He is walking to the sidewalk. He is walking away from the road. He is on the right side of the car. He is in front of the car.  
Pedestrian 1 stepped onto sidewalk.  Pedestrian 2 is walking. Pedestrian 2 body is facing sidewalk.  Crosswalk sign. Apartment complex to left of car.  Cross street in front of car.  Traffic light ahead.   Pedestrian 1 is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian 2 is in road.  Pedestrian 1 is to right of car.  Pedestrian 2 is in front of car.   
Pedestrian is picking something off road.   Pedestrian is in the middle of the right side of the road.  Pedestrian is in front of the car.  Pedestrian is far from car.  
The pedestrian is male. They are loitering.  They are walking to the right side of the road. They are walking toward the curb.  
one of the two pedestrians turned around and walked back to the sidewalk. the other one bent down as if to pick somethin up off the ground. they're stationary in the middle of the driver's path.   the first pedestrian is on the right-side sidewalk. the second pedestrian is stopped in the middle of the roadway.  the pedestrians are about 50 feet in front of the vehicle.  
He started walking backward to the right sidewalk.   He is in my lane.   
the second pedestrian turned around is walking back towards the right-side sidewalk that they came from initially.   they are in the middle of the right lane walking diagonally back towards the sidewalk on the right.  they are about 30 feet in front of the driver walking diagonally towards the driver and the sidewalk on the side of the road.  
Pedestrians walked slowly back towards curb.   Pedestrians are on the right side of the road. Pedestrians are to the right of the car.  
They do not see car.   They are walking along road. They are very close to other people. Other people are taking up the sidewalk. They are close to car. 
Pedestrian is a college student. He is walking.  Campus area  He is on the side of the road. He is walking with traffic.  He is ahead of the vehicle.  Yield to pedestrians 
The person is walking along the right edge of the road next to the sidewalk. They don't look like they want to cross, however they're not on the sidewalk, so they could still cross to the left.  It's a two-lane road with sidewalks on either side. The lane markings go away about 20 feet in front of the driver. There is snow around and the road looks wet and possibly slippery. There are several campus classroom buildings around with lots of pedestrians.  The person is walking along the right edge of the roadway in the same direction as traffic.  They are about 30 feet in front of the driver walking in the same direction as the driver.  Vehicles will usually yield for pedestrians in areas like this on campus with lots of classroom buildings around. 
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  Pedestrian is walking with traffic. Campus.  No parking sign.  2 lane road.  Parking lot.  snow covering grass.  Pedestrian is a step in road.   Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  
Pedestrian is on the is walking he might cross in front of car. Two lane road. Urban area. Good road conditions. The pedestrain is on the right side of the road. He is in front of the car to the right. 
person is walking near the curb.  road is narrow. person is in campus.  person is on right side of road.  person is near other students. person is near the car. 
the pedestrian is male, young, walking slow urban area he is on the right side of the road, close to the sidewalk he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
There is a person walking at a normal pace. He looks like a college student. The location looks like a school campus He is on the right side of the road. He is walking on the road. He looks like is walking on the road to avoid the people on the curb. His crossing intentions are not clear. 
pedestrian is walking fast.   Car is slow  
adult male pedestrian walks slowly right to left The weather is an overcast day with wet road adult male pedestrian right to left road to right side in road near sidewalk pedestrian is about 8 meters away from car 
Their back is facing the car. He is a student.  Road appears wet. Dusk out. Wide lane roads.  They are walking alongside the sidewalk. They are on the right side of the road.  Pedestrian and car are close in distance.  He is on right side of car.  
Pedestrian is walking. He is a college student   Pedestrian is on the sidewalk. He is walking with traffic.  He is ahead of and to the left of the target vehicle.  
The pedestrian stepped up onto the sidewalk on the right as the driver approached. They have no intention of crossing.   They stepped onto the sidewalk on the right and are walking parallel to the road.  They are about 20 feet in front of the driver and walking on the sidewalk parallel to the driver.  
Pedestrian increases walking speed.   Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
The pedestrain got onto the sidewalk he will not cross in front of car.  He is on the right sidewalk. He is to the right of the car. Driver slows down when sees the pedestrain.
Pedestrain is walking on the right side of road.   He is walking on the footpath  
pedestrian is male adult student walking quickly  The pedestrian left the road and got on the sidewalk 
the pedestrian was not crossing The pedestrian is about 5 meters in front of car to the right on sidewalk 
The two pedestrians hurriedly stepped into the street from the sidewalk on the right. They're quickly walking into the street, although at a slight diagonal.  It's a wide two-lane road with sidewalks on both sides. The lane markings go away about 20 feet in front of the driver. There is snow on the ground and the road is visibly wet and could be slick. The street lights and headlights also indicate it's getting dark.  They're just on the right edge of the road walking at a diagonal towards the center of the road to the left.  They're about 50 feet in front of the driver walking forward and to the left.  It's a campus area near multiple classroom buildings. Vehicles are usually already going slowly and will generally yield to pedestrians. 
Target pedestrian walking normally. It is a college campus. Side of road, facing toward road. Far from this vehicle. 
pedestrian is already on the road.  Driver is in a campus area. The weather is not clear. Snowed on the day Pedestrian is on the right side of road heading left. Pedestrian is walking on road. pedestrian is about 300ft from driver. Pedestrian is walking closely with other students Lot of people walking so driver should drive slowly
young person, average walking speed, students the road is near student campus person is on the right side of the road, close to the sidewalk person is far from the car slow driving near campus area
They are not looking at car. They are walking briskly.  They are walking diagonally. They are crossing. they are moderately ahead of car. Car is moving slowly. Others are walking. 
students are walking.  road is narrow. they are in campus area.  students are on the right side of road. they walking near the curb. they are far from the parked white van. they are far from this car. driver is driving slow.  
Pedestrians not looking at car.  Pedestrians moderately walking.  Campus area.  2 lanes.  Cloudy.  No parking sign Pedestrians are a few steps into the road.  Pedestrians next to sidewalk. Pedestrians are in cars lane.  Pedestrians are not too far from car.  Pedestrians are in front of car.  
Pedestrians walking across the street quickly.  No parking signs. Pedestrians are walking on the sidewalk. Pedestrians are walking across the road. Vehicle is parked along the curb. 
pedestrians are walking fast.    car is slowly moving 
Two pedestrians are running. They appear to be college students  Campus area. It is wet out  Pedestrians are in the road. They are running to the left. They are crossing the road.  Pedestrians are in the path of vehicle. They are crossing in front of it  
Their body is angled towards other side of road. They have picked up their walking speed.  Road is wet. Wide road alnes.  They have stepped off sidewalk. They are walking right to left side of road. They are on the right side of road. Their crossing path is clear.  Car on opposite side of road is stopped. Car and pedestrain are close in distance. Car is driving slow.  
There are two people walking. They look like college students. The location looks like a college campus. They are on the right side of the road. They just stepped onto the road.  There is a car that stopped on the opposite side. 
they are jogging.   they are near the middle of the road. they are walking away from other students.  
They are walking. They are faced forward.  They are on the right side of the road. They are far from the car. 
They are crossing.  They are in middle of road. They are ahead of the car. 
They crossed.  They are on the left side of the road. They are to the left of the car. Driver slowed down for the pedestrians.
The person is standing on the curb. It is a downtown area. He is on the right side of road. The car is slowing to stop. Other cars are stopped due to congestion ahead. 
Pedestrian is standing.   Solid white lines.  Road construction sign.  Downtown area.   Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is next to vehicle.   
The man is either waiting for a break in traffic or talking to the person in the car. This is a one-way road. There is construction ahead. He is standing still. This car is going a moderate speed. All other cars are slowing down. 
The man is stopped. The driver is in the city. The man is on the sidewalk. He is next to the road. He is near the driver. He is next to a stopped car. The driver is reducing speed. 
the person is standing. he is watching cars.  the person is on the right side of the car. the car is maintaining its speed. the person is far from the car. 
Man is waiting to cross. Downtown city area. Sidewalk. He is standing on sidewalk right of road. He is right of stopped traffic and this car. Car should slow for traffic and person.
They are standing still. They are looking at the car. They are waiting.  They are almost in the road. They are on sidewalk. They are moderately ahead of car. Car is slowing down. Other cars are stopped. They are very close to other cars. If you wish to cross, look at a car and stand still.
They are standing. They are male.  There is no crosswalk. There is a road construction sign. This is a one-way road.  They are on the sidewalk. They are facing the road.  Traffic is stopped. They are on the right.  Since traffic is stopped, they may cross if they want. 
The pedestrian is stopped.  The road is narrow. There are construction signs ahead.  Pedestrian is on the sidewalk next to the road.  The pedestrian is on the right of my car. He is far from my car. He is close to other vehicles in the road.  
The person has started to stepping on the road after waiting.  He is stepping on right edge of road. Car is stopped. Other cars are stopped due to congestion ahead. People waiting beside road cross when cars are stopped due to congestion.
Pedestrian sees car stop.  Pedestrian begins walking.  Traffic light.  Construction cones.   Pedestrian is a step off the road.   Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is slightly to right of car.  
The man started walking toward the car. Then he turned toward the street.  He is walking right in front of the car.  All cars are slowing to a stop. 
the person has stepped on the road. he is waling fast.   the person is right side of the road.  the car is slowing down because of other cars ahead. 
They turned towards this car. They are walking.   They are walking towards the road.  They are stepping in front of this car. They are very close.  Since traffic is stopped, they may safely cross. 
The pedestrian is walking.    The pedestrian is walking towards my car. he is close to my car. He is next to another vehicle on the road.  
The pedestrian is walking. He has seen my vehicle and started crossing.   He is stepping in to the road. He is going to cross.  He is close to vehicles that are stopped. He is in front of my vehicle. He is very close to my car.   
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.   sign.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian isn't far from car.  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  construction cones.  2 lane road. sign.  Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is directly in front of car.  
Pedestrain is crossing.  She is on right side of road.  Driver slows down when close to pedestrian.
The person has made their way into the road and is crossing to the right. It was difficult to see them until the driver got closer.   They are in the middle of the roadway walking to the right.  They are about 20 feet directly in front of the driver, walking towards the right.  
pedestrian is walking briskly. car is slowing down   road blocks on road.
There is a person walking at a normal pace. He looks like a school student. The lights are blinding. He is already in the middle of the road.   He is in front of the car. 
The person is female. She looks like she is in the working class.    
Adult Female. They are facing the vehicle. They are standing.  They are in a neighborhood. They are standing in the road. They are on the right side of the road. They are 3 feet away from right side curb.  They are standing one foot in front of a parked car. It is on the right side. They are 5 feet away from a van ahead of vehicle. they are 35 feet away from vehicle.  
Person is stopped. Wide road with parking lanes on either side. Person is in road in parking lane. Person is standing on the right near parked car. Car should slow but not stop. Traffic is too busy to cross.
The pedestrian is not moving. There is street parking. The pedestrian is on the right. The pedestrian is on the road.  The pedestrian is in front of a vehicle. 
They are standing There is no crosswalk. There is street parking. They are on the right.  They are in the parking lane. They are between parked cars. This car is approaching them fast. Traffic is moving fast, they will wait for traffic to slow down if they wish to cross. They could want to get into a parked car.
The pedestrian is very close to a parked car. This is a four lane road. There are cars parked along the road. They are on the right side of the car. They seem to be walking parallel to the road. Other vehicles are passing the pedestrian. They are moving quickly. This vehicle is not close to the pedestrian. It is moving quickly. 
they are a  young male. They are standing.  they are on the right side of the road. they are 2 steps from the curb. They are 15 meters from the car. they are on the right side of the car. 
Person is standing behind a car.  Person is on side of the road. Person is a few steps from traffic. Person is a few steps from driver path. Person is a couple seconds away from driver. Person is to the right of the driver 
  This person is on the right side of the road. They are close to a van. They are a fair distance from this car. 
Person is standing still. Person is not moving. No crosswalk in road. Person is facing across road. Person 1 step from road. Person is in front of parked car. Person is 3 steps from car B. 
The person is leaning on their car.  They are not moving. It is a man.  They are on the right side of the road. They are in the parking lane.  They are in the parking lane. They are near other oncoming cars.  They are on the right side of our car. They are far from our car. If a person is standing near their parked car, they probably aren't crossing. 
The pedestrian is not moving. The pedestrian is looking at the traffic behind me. The pedestrian is holding keys. The pedestrian is a female.   The pedestrian is trying to get into her car. The pedestrian will not cross the road. The pedestrian is on the right. The pedestrian is in front of a parked car. 
Person is slowly walking.  Person is one step from the road traffic. Person is walking left onto the road. Person is to the right of the driver. Person is moving slowly towards driver. Person is a few steps from the driver. 
The person is standing still. They seem to be wanting to get into the car that they are standing in front of.  This person is on the right-most lane of the road. The person is very close to this car. They are to the right of this car. 
Person is standing. Driver is on narrow roads. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 15 meters from the driver. Person is 5 steps from driver path. 
Person is a woman. Person is not walking.  Road has 2 lanes. One lane per side. Road is in residential area. Person is on road. They are in left lane. Person is close to car. They are left of car. Person is near parked cars. 
Target is a women. Target is standing.  Narrow road. Parking on both sides of road. Residential area.  Target is standing on the very left of the road. Target intends to cross the road.  Target is to the left of the driver.  Target saw driver and will likely yield to them
.
There is a girl walking. she is looking at the car.   She is on the left side of the road. She is in the road.  She is in front of this car. She is to the left. There is a car headed her way in the opposite direction.  
Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian has umbrella. Pedestrian has seen car. Pedestrian has stopped walking to let car pass.  road is residential area. road lanes are not marked well. road has many blind spots.  Pedestrian is in road. pedestrian is crossing from left sidewalk to right sidewalk.  Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to the cars trajectory. The Pedestrian's trajectory intersects the car's trajectory. The car is traveling fast enough to not hit the pedestrian. Pedestrian is in road. pedestrian is crossing from left sidewalk to right sidewalk.  residential areas have high Pedestrian traffic. 
They are walking. The road is narrow. They are crossing the road. They are in the opposite lane of traffic.  
Pedestrian is stopped. They look to be female. Crowded street. Multiple cars on either side hides pedestrians. The pedestrian is on the left side of the road. The pedestrian is to the cars left. They stopped moving when they saw the car. 
She was walking on the road and stopped suddenly. She is looking at my car.  This is parking zone.  She is on the road.  She is close to my car. My car is slowing down.  
She is walking. She is faced to the right side of road. Two lane road. No road markings. Cars parked on both sides. She is on left side of road. She is to the left of the car. 
The pedestrian is slowly walking in the street. Car is on a city road. They are in the street. They are facing the road. They are to the left of the car.  
Target is walking.  Target is walking from left to right across road. Target is in the left lane.  Target is directly left of driver. Target saw driver and slowed down to let them pass.
   She is still to the left of the car. The car is not slowing down for her to cross.  
They are walking slowly.  My car is next to them. The traffic is slow. 
She is walking slow.   Car maintains speed. 
Pedestrian is slowly approaching from the left.  They are in the road. They are to the left of the car 
Pedestrian is younger male. He is walking slowly right.  It is cloudy. There is a bike lane. There is a wide 4-lane road.  He is crossing center yellow lines. He is crossing right. He is entering the 1st right lane. He is 13 ft from right side of road.  He is to the right of driver. He is 5 car lengths away from driver. He is 7 ft to the left of driver. 
A man is standing in the middle of the road.  He is walking slow.  He is in the middle of the road. The car is far from the man. He is on the left side of the car. 
The pedestrian walking speed shows the he will continue walking across the road.   He is in the middle of a two lane road.  He is in front and to the left of the car. 
He is standing in the middle of the road. He is looking at another car.   He is standing on the lane divider.  He is far from my car. My car is moving slow.  
Person is walking slowly.  No crosswalk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 1 lane from car. Person is moving slowly. 
the pedestrian is across the center yellow lines of the road walking toward the right. there is no other traffic in the way other than the driver and the pedestrian should easily cross in front.   the pedestrian is just to the right of the center of the roadway, walking to the right to cross.  the pedestrian is about 150 feet ahead of the driver in the adjacent lane to the driver.  
The pedestrian is a male adult. They are maintaining walking speed. Rural area.  Two way lane with center lane. Road has bike lane on right. Road has center turn lane. They are in the middle of the road. Their walking path is crossing the road.  They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed.  Gas station on right for caution of other pedestrians or cars.
Their body is facing opposite side of road. They are walking ar a moderate pace. They show no sign of stopping.  Wide lane roads. Bike lane on right side.  They have a clear path to cross. They are in the middle of road. They are crossing from left to right side of road.  They are far in distance from car. They are on left side of car.  
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is looking across street.   Bike path to right of car.  Gas station entry/exit to right of car.  Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.   
The pedestrian is walking across the road. It looks like they are about to start running. There are 5 driving lanes across the road. There is also a bike lane. This is a retail area. He is in the middle of the road. He is walking across the road. The car is moving quickly towards the pedestrian. Other vehicles are not in his crossing path anymore. 
The man is walking towards to other side of the street.   The man is in the middle of the street.   
The man is walking.  He is not looking at the car. He is facing the right side of the street.  He is in the middle of the road. He is in the car's traffic lane. He is in front of the car. There is some distance between the man and the car. 
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  Pedestrian is not looking at car.    Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian intends to walk to other side.  Pedestrian is in lane next to car.   
The pedestrian is walking. They are an adult. There are six lanes. There is a gas station to the right of the car. They are crossing the road. The pedestrian is in front of the car. They are to the left of the car. They are not close to the car. 
Adult male. They are facing the road. They are facing perpendicular to the vehicle. They are at a walking pace.   They are on the right side of the road. They are 5 feet away from the curb.  They are standing 3 feet away from bus parked on right side of the road.  They are 8 feet away from the vehicle.  
Person is walking slowly. No crosswalk in road. Driver is passing bus stop. Person is 2 steps from lane. Person is walking straight toward road. Person is 4 steps from driver. Person is moving slowly. 
They are walking slowly. They are looking. They are male. There is a bus. There is no crosswalk. They are on the road. They are in the right lane. They are moving towards the left. They are on the right. They are 30 feet away. Since they just got off the bus, they are looking at traffic to see if they can cross. 
  This person is on the right-most lane. They are going towards the left sidewalk. This person is close to this car. This car is going too fast to stop moving. 
Old man is walking slowly with intent to cross. Busy street with two-way traffic. on a clear day. He is walking in the right lane of the road. He is in front of a bus and to the right of car. Car should slow for bus. Man should yield to car on busy street.
The pedestrian is walking. He is an adult male. There are four lanes. There is a street on the left of the car.  He is walking across the road. He is in front of a stopped bus. The bus is to the right of the car. The car is going at a normal speed.  There is no crosswalk. A car does not always stop if a pedestrian is crossing without a crosswalk. If the car is going too fast, it is not safe to stop.
A man is walking into the road. He is a middle-aged man.  He is pretty fast.   He is on the right side of the road.  He is facing the road. He might want to cross.  he is on the right side of our car. Our car is moving too fast to stop.   If your car is moving really fast (over 30 MPH) people are not likely to try to cross.
Person is walking slowly.  Person is in front of a bus. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 5 steps on the road. Person is walking to left side of the road.  Person is right of driver. Person is 3 steps from the driver path. 
There is a pedestrian. they are a middle-age male. they are walking a slow pace. they are in a normal residential street. they are on the right lane. they are about 5 meters from the curve. they are about 6 meters from the car. they are on the right side of the car. 
This person stands still.   This car speeds by the person. The person is to the right of this car. The person is close to this car. 
Person is moving right.  Person is in middle of road. Person is walking across road.  Person is moving in front of driver. Person is moving slowly right.  
Pedestrian is walking. They are male.  Rural area. Two lane road. They are in the left lane of the road. They are crossing the road. They are far from the car. 
Pedestrian is walking.   2 lane road across.  Double yellow line.  Residential area.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is maintaining speed.   Car slows when pedestrians are in road.  
pedestrian has already stepped into the oncoming lane of the roadway and is walking very quickly to cross the street. given how far ahead of the driver they are, they definitely will cross in front of the driver.  mostly good driving conditions, although the strobe effect of the tree shadows and sun could make it hard to see pedestrians.  pedestrian is halfway across the oncoming lane of the roadway, walking quickly to the right.  pedestrian is about 150-200 feet in front of the driver, quickly walking towards the driver's path to cross.  
They are walking briskly. Their body is facing opposite side of street.  Residential area. Two lane road.  Pedestrian is in middle of oncoming lane. They are continuing to walk briskly across the street.  A lot of distance between the pedestrian and car. Car is maintaining speed.  
The pedestrian enters the road quickly. They are walking upright. They look like a young adult. This is a residential area. There is a driving lane in each direction. There are bike lanes lining the road.  They have started to cross the road.  They are far from the car.  There is enough distance that the pedestrian would walk slowly to wait at the middle of the road. Because they are walking fast, it seems like they will cross.
A person has stepped into the road. They are walking to the opposite side of the street.   They are in the opposite lane of traffic. They are on the left side of the road.  They are far from our car.  They are on the left side of our car. 
He is walking to the lane divider from the left side.  The road is clear ahead.  He is in the left lane.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Pedestrian has big strides.  Pedestrian walking briskly. Residential area.  2 lane road.  double yellow line.  service road.   Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.   Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian in opposite lane. 
Pedestrian is a younger male. He is walking slowly right.   He is on the left side of the road. He is crossing the center yellow lines. He is walking towards the right curb.  He is to the left of driver. He is a considerable distance from driver. He is 4 feet to the left of driver.  
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.   Frontage road to right of car.  Church to left of car.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is maintaining speed.   
They maintained walking speed. Their body is facing opposite side of street still.   They are close to opposite side of street.  They have stepped into cars lane. Car is maintaining speed.  
The pedestrian is walking in the road. This is a residential area. There are two lanes. They look close to the road. The pedestrian is far from the car.  If the pedestrian is going to cross the street, there is plenty of time to cross.
He started walking to cross my lane. He is looking at my car.   He is in my lane.  He is far from my car. My car is slowing down.  
Pedestrian maintains brisk walking.   Church. Pedestrian is a step out of middle of road.   Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is a step in car lane.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  
Person is walking normal.  Road has 4 lanes. Two lanes on each side.  Person is in the road. Person is far from car. Person left of car. 
They are walking. They are slowing down.  They are in middle of road. They are ahead of the car and others. cars are moving fast. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is in the middle of the road. Person is 2 lanes from the right side of the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is 1 lane from driver path. 
They are walking.  They are in the middle of the road. They are far from my car. 
They are walking normally. The driver is in a shopping area. They are in the road. They are several feet from the curb. The person is near the driver. The driver is maintaining speed. There is another vehicle on the road. 
Pedestrian is walking.  4 lane road.  Sidewalk to right of car.  Double yellow line. Businesses on both sides.  Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Vehicle is maintaining speed.  Pedestrians should be aware of cars approaching when not crossing in crosswalk. 
He is walking very fast on the road. He is looking at the moving cars.   He is already walking on the road.  He is far from my car.  
There is a person walking. They are already halfway across the street.   They are in the middle of the road.  They are in front of this car. They are also in front of the car to the left.  
Pedestrian walking at a normal pace.  Pedestrian is walking across the road. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is in vehicle path. They are far from the vehicle. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the right side of road. Four lane road. Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is next to the car up ahead. 
A man is is walking in the middle of the road. He is intending to cross. Town road. It is sunny outside.  The road is wide. He is in the middle of the road. He is on the left of this car and a truck. Man should not be crossing in the middle. Car should slow but not stop.
Target is looking at oncoming cars. They are walking fast. They will not stay on middle of road. It is on the middle of road. Target is standing on ongoing lane.  The car is moving fast. The van on left moving fast as well. Distance is far between target and car. 
The pedestrian appeared to speed up after the car passed him.  The pedestrian is several hundred feet in front of the car. This car is going almost 40 miles an hour. The white car is going a similar speed. The road is clear directly in front of the pedestrian. 
They are walking casually.  There is no crosswalk. Traffic is moving. They are on the road. They are walking towards the right. They are very far away. They are on the left.  They will cross if they believe there is enough time and it is safe. 
Target is walking.  Center lane. Target is near the middle of the road. Target is walking from left to right across road. Target is in front of driver. Target will walk in front of driver's path. 
The pedestrian is in the middle of the road. They are quickly crossing from the left. The car is on a city road. The pedestrian is in the middle of the road. They are quickly crossing toward the right. They are far ahead of the car.  
The person was waiting on the middle lane. They saw a gap and started walking fast.  He is on the second lane. The car is moving fast. The car the left is moving fast as well. there is a gap. The person moved from the center lane only to cross. 
Pedestrian is in middle of road without right of way and can be expected to cross. Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian is walking slowly. Road is a busy street.  pedestrian is very far in front of car.  Pedestrian is in middle of road. There are no other cars between the car and the pedestrian.  Pedestrian is ignoring typical crossing conventions and my be expected to cross in front of vehicle. 
Person is running. They are a man.  Person is in the road Person is in front of car. They are close to car. 
Pedestrian is jogging. He is moving fast.  He is almost across.  
Person is walking fast.   Person is in the middle of the road. Person is 4 steps from the right side of the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road.  Person is in front of driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. Person is in driver path. 
The person is running.    
Pedestrian begins jogging.   One way sign.  DO not enter sign.  Pedestrian is in car lane.   Pedestrian is slightly to left of car.  
Pedestrian starts to run. Car maintains speed.  Pedestrian is ahead of the car. 
The man is running to the right.  He is running in the road towards the right. He is in front of the car running to the right. 
They are running.  They are in the middle of the road.   They ran across the road. 
The pedestrian rapidly speeds up to cross the road.  They are in the road crossing to the right sidewalk. They are shortly ahead of the car. 
The man has crossed.  The man is on the sidewalk to the right of the road.  
The pedestrian has stepped onto the sidewalk.  The pedestrian is to the right of the road. They are walking on the right sidewalk. They are to the right of the car. 
Pedestrian appears to be walking.  It is dusk  Pedestrian is on the shoulder of the road. She is walking towards the road  Pedestrian is in front of and to the right of vehicle  Yield to pedestrians 
 There is a blinding light from the opposite direction. The location looks like a neighborhood. The person is in between the two cars. They are already on the road. 
The person is standing between two parked cars on the right side of the road. They're most likely either getting into one of the vehicles or waiting for traffic to clear before walking further into the roadway.  It's a two-lane road with center yellow lines and a row for parked cars on either side of the street. There are sidewalks but no shoulders. There's no crosswalk or traffic signals. It's getting dark out and there's pretty bad glare from the streetlights and the headlights.  They're staying between two parked cars on the right side of the road, out of the way of traffic.  They're about 40 feet in front of the driver standing along the right edge of the driver's path, but out of the way.  
 Dusk outside. Residential area.  Pedestrian is on right side of street. They are between two parked cars.  Car and pedestrian are far in distance. Car is maintaining speed.  
Pedestrian is standing. They are looking at vehicle  It is dark out  They are in the parking lane of the road.  They are standing behind a parked car. They are in front of the vehicle.  
Pedestrian is walking on right side of car  Walking path is parallel to car. car is moving fast. 
Pedestrian is walking to car.  Pedestrian is walking slowly. Night time.  double yellow line in middle.  residential area.  parked cars.  Pedestrian is a step from the road.  Pedestrian is in parking space. Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is next to parked car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  
They are moving very slowly. They are looking at car. night time They are almost in road.  They are close to car. Car is moving fast. 
person is standing still. road is narrow. road is in bad condition. person is near the road. person is next to a parked car. person is far from this car. this car is driving fast.  
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the car. Dusk time of day. Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. The pedestrian is next to the black truck. 
the person is standing next to the car. it is a one lane road in both directions. he is near parked car on the right side he is far, there are no other people on the car's way 
They are standing.    Car is driving fast. Car and pedestrian are close in distance.  
Pedestrian is standing. They are looking at the vehicle  It is dark out  They are standing in the parking lane of the road.  Pedestrian is in front of vehicle. They are behind a parked car  
   this car is moving fast.  
She saw the car and went back toward the sidewalk. Driver slows down when close to pedestrian.  She is next to the car. 
the pedestrian is walking slow from right to the left, middle age low visibility they are on the right side of the road they are far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way slower driving
Pedestrians are walking on right side of road.    the speed of car is high it is night time. There is lot of light glare.
The pedestrian is walking. He is faced to the left side of the road. Two lane road with double yellow lines. Urban area. Fair weather. Good Road condtions. He is on the right side of the road. He is next to the white car. 
Target pedestrian walking normally. Low brightness. Side of road, facing toward the road. Far from this vehicle. Crossing when car passes.
The person stepped into the road from the sidewalk on the right. They're slowly walking to the left. It's unlikely, but possible, that they cross in front of the vehicle. The driver is going under 30 miles per hour and could slow down for them.  There are parked cars on the outer lane on each side of the road. It's dark out and the light from the streetlights and cars are causing some glare, making it difficult to see.  They are just one step into the road and only in the lane for vehicle parking, but are walking slowly to the left toward the center of the road.  They are about 40 feet in front of the driver and approaching the driver's lane from the right side.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately. Residential area.  High beams.  Night time.  2 lane road.  double yellow middle line.  Parked cars both sides of street.   Pedestrian is a step into the road.   Pedestrian is not too far from car.  Pedestrian is to the right of car.  Pedestrian is in front of parked vehicle.  Pedestrian is close to parked vehicle. 
person is walking slowly. road is narrow. road is in a bad condition. person is on the right side of the road. person is far from driver. driver is not slowing down. car on the opposite lane is going fast. 
There are two people walking at a normal pace. They both look female. They look like they are in their late 20s. The location looks like a neighborhood. It's in the evening. The lights from the oncoming traffic are blinding.  There is street parking on both sides of the car. They are on the right side of the road. They haven't stepped on the road yet. There is oncoming traffic. 
They are moving slowly. They see the car. They are waiting. night time They are crossing. They are in road. They are on edge of road. They are moderately close to car. Car is moving fast.  
Their body is facing opposite side of road. They are walking slowly.  Dusk outside.  They are stepping off curb. They are walking from right to left side of road.  Car is driving fast. Pedestrian and car are close in distance.  
  they on the right side of the road they are close to the car 
He sees the car and stopped.  There is a car coming from other side. My car is slowing down. Driver becomes careful and reduces speed.
The person is walking pretty slowly and is angled kind of along the road as opposed to crossing. With the vehicle so near, they're definitely not crossing in front of the driver.   They are just on the right edge of the roadway slowly walking into and along the road.  They are about 20 feet in front of the driver and 10 feet to the right of the driver's path.  
Pedestrian stops walking.  Pedestrian sees car.   Pedestrian is a step into the road.  Pedestrian is to the right of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.  
person stayed still.    person is closer to car. 
He is walking toward the road. He is looking at my car.   He is at the right edge of the road.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down due to traffic ahead.  
Pedestrian is middle aged male. He is walking slowly left.  There are parking spaces. There is a fire house.  He is on the right side of the road. he is one step off the curb. He is walking through the parking spaces. He is crossing to the left.  He is to the right of driver. He has just emerged from behind fire truck. He is one car lengths away from driver. He is 5 ft to the right of driver.  
Pedestrian is walking. Male. Parking spots. Traffic ahead. Businesses.  Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. Pedestrian is in parking spots. Pedestrian is to the right of the car.  
A middle-age man is stepping into the road. He is walking. He is wanting to cross to the left side of the road.   He is on the parking lane still. He is walking into the road. He is on the right sdie of the road. He is on the right side of our car. He is walking perpendicular to our car. 
Man is walking quickly. Man is facing other side of road. No crosswalk in road. Driver is near parking area. Man is 1 step from curb. Man is in parking spot. Man is walking straight across road. Man is 2 steps from truck. Man is 2 lanes from car. 
the pedestrian just stepped off the sidewalk and is walking through the right-lane parking spots towards the driver's lane. they are looking at the driver to see if the driver will slow down or come to a stop to let them pass. the pedestrian is a middle-aged man.   the pedestrian is about 10 feet from the edge of the roadway and is walking to the left towards the roadway.  the pedestrian is about 30 feet in front of the driver and is in line with the motorcycle in front of the driver.  
Pedestrian is walking. They are an adult male. Their speed is constant. They see the car. They are looking at oncoming traffic. Two way lane with parking spaces on the right side. They are on the right side of the road. They are stepping onto the road. They are a lane away from traffic. The car is maintaining slow speed. The cars in front of the car have their break lights on. 
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  He is carrying something in hands.   2 lane road total.  Parking spaces to right of car.  Firetruck parked to right of car.  Condos to right, businesses to left.   Pedestrian took a step into the road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Car is maintaining speed.  Car in front has break lights on.   
 His head is facing in my direction.  Residential area.  No visible crosswalks   Pedestrian on sidewalk. He is continuing to walk straight across road.  Brake lights are on the motorcycle in front.  Fire truck to the right side of my car.  Pedestrian is a safe distance from my car. Pedestrians standing on left side of road. Pedestrian is looking to cross safely. 
The pedestrian is stepping into the road. He is an adult male.  This a two lane road. There are parking spots on the right side of the car.  He is on the right side of the car. He has stepped off the sidewalk into the road. There are two vehicles passing where the pedestrian is. They are moving slowly. They are in front of this car. They passed pedestrians who are standing in the road on the left side of the car.  If traffic is moving slowly, a pedestrian will try to cross.
Pedestrian is waving.     Pedestrian is waving to acknowledge right of way and to thank the driver. 
Pedestrian slowed walking. Showed hand gesture. Signaling crossing. Traffic is closer to car.  Pedestrian on the right side of the road.  Pedestrian is to the right of the car. He is very close to the car.  Social norm is to let pedestrian cross when stopped in traffic. 
The man waved at our car.  He acknowledged that he will cross. He is facing the road.  He is in the parking lane. He is walking into the middle of the road. He is crossing to the left side of the road. The man is near our car.  He is by stopped vehicles. He is on the right side of our car. If there are stopped vehicles, people think it is okay to cross since you have to stop anyway.  If a person a wavest you, it means they are thanking you for letting them cross.
Man is walking slowly.  Man is 4 steps from curb. Man is walking straight across road. Man is 4 steps from car. Man is 3 steps from driver. Driver knows man will cross because of eye contact and driver has stopped moving from car stopping.
although the driver is slowing, the pedestrian also is slowing to a stop in anticipation of the driver passing. they are gong to wait for traffic to clear before crossing.   the pedestrian is standing in the middle of the right-most lane, about 10 feet from the driver's lane.  the pedestrian is about 15 feet in front of the driver and about 15 feet to the right of the driver's path.  
The pedestrian slows down.  Their walking path is to the other side of the road.   The pedestrian is slowing their walking speed in case the car stops to let them cross.
Pedestrian stopped walking.  He raised hand.    He is stopped in parking space in road.   Pedestrian is to the right of car.  He is very close.   Pedestrian raises hand to indicate he is walking in front of car.  
Pedestrian waves to my car.  He continues to walk briskly.     He is to the right continuing to walk.    Pedestrian continues to walk  into my lane 
the vehicle came to a stop since the traffic in front did too. the pedestrian saw that the driver left a large gap for them to cross and they waved to indicate they're gonna cross.   the pedestrian is about three feet from the right edge of the lane and is walking towards the lane.   the pedestrian is about 10 feet in front of the driver walking towards the driver's path from the right.  
    The pedestrian waves a thank you gesture to the car for stopping and letting them cross.
Pedestrian increased walking speed.  He is in the middle of the road.  He is in front of the car.  
Their body is facing opposite side of road. They are walking at a slow pace.  Wide road lanes.  They are walking from left side of road to right. They are on on left side of road.  Car in front is driving slow. Car is driving slow. They are on left side of car.  
Pedestrian is a middle aged male. He is walking slowly right. He is a fireman.  There is a parking lot. There is a fire house.  He is on the left side of the road. He has not yet entered the left lane. He is 3 steps away from entering left lane. He is crossing right.  He is 1 car length away from driver. He is 15 ft to the left of driver.  
Pedestrians are walking slowly.  No crosswalk in road. Driver is near parking area.  Pedestrian are 1 step from road. Pedestrians are walking toward road. Pedestrians are 1 lane from driver lane.  
The pedestrians are on the side of the road. This is a two lane road.  There is no sidewalk where the pedestrians are walking. There are vehicles parked on the right side of the car. They are walking parallel to the road.  They are not far from the car. The car is moving slowly. There are other vehicles slowly passing the group. 
Pedestrians are slowly walking.   Fire station.  Firetruck parked.  Condo's.  Parked vehicles to right of car.  Double yellow line.  Pedestrians are a few steps into road.  Pedestrians in opposite lane.   Pedestrians are to left of car.  Be on lookout when approaching fire station for emergency vehicles exiting. 
the pair of pedestrians are hesitantly stepping into the left side of the street to cross. they're likely checking to see if the vehicle and other traffic will stop or not before crossing.   they are just stepping into the left side of the oncoming traffic lane and intend to walk to the right.  they are about 30 feet in front of the driver and to the left.  
Pedestrians are walking.   Parked cars to right of car.  Fire station to left of car.  Apartment complex.    Pedestrians are few steps into road.   Pedestrians are to left of car.  Motorcycle has break lights.     Emergency vehicles have right away, listen for sirens by station.  
Two kids are walking into the road.  They are walking slow.    They are on the sidewalk. THey are stepping into the road. THey are planning on crossing to the right side of the road.  There are stopped cars with brake lights on.  The kids are a distance from the car. THey are on the left side of the car. 
They are walking from the left side. They are looking at the moving car.   They are close to the road. They are on the left sidewalk.  They are far from my car. My car is stopping due to traffic ahead.  
   They are near car. They are a lane over from car.  
The pedestrians are walking upright.  The pedestrians began to walk toward the road. The car is moving very slowly. The other vehicles have passed them. 
Pedestrians maintain slow walking speed.   Pedestrians are a few steps into road.  They are to the left of car.  They are in opposite lane.   
the pedestrians are walking very slowly so as to let traffic pass before crossing.   they are walking towards the center line. they are only a few feet into the left lane.  they are about 20 feet in front of the driver and about 15-20 feet to the left, approaching the driver's path slowly.  
Pedestrians have slow walking speed.  Pedestrians are watching car.    Pedestrians are on left side of road.    
Two people are walking very slow. They are facing the right side of the road.   They are on the left side of the road. They are walking toward the opposite side of the road.  They are far from our car.  They are on the left side of our car. They are walking slow.  
They are walking slowly. They are looking at my car.   They are at the left edge of the road.  My car is speeding up as front cars.  
They have come to a stop.    They are near car. They are a lane over from car.  
The pedestrian is walking slowly.  Urban area. Parking spaces on the right. Two lane road. They are facing the road. They are on the left side. They are approaching the road. They are far from the car. The car is slowing down. Pedestrians will try to cross when the slowed traffic comes to a stop.
They see the car.     They saw that the car was not slowing down in their walking path so they did not cross in front of the car.
Pedestrian is standing.  She is conversing with another person.  Two lane road.  Parking on right side.  Brakes lights ahead of my car.  Pedestrians also on left side of road.   She is on the right side of lane, not moving.  She is a short distance from my car.  She is not indicating she will cross. She is not facing road.  
She is talking to another guy. She is standing there.   She is close to the road. She is at the right parking lane.  She is close to my car. My car is maintaining the same speed. Front vehicles are moving fast.  
They are talking to another pedestrian. They are a middle aged female. Parking spaces to the right. Urban area. Two lane road. They are facing away from the road. They are standing in parking spaces. They are on the right side of the road.  They are close to traffic.  
Pedestrian is talking with another person.  Pedestrian is holding coffee.  Pedestrian shows no sign of wanting to cross.  Pedestrian's body is not facing toward road.   Parked cars to right of car.  slow moving traffic in front of car.  Double yellow line in road.  Fire truck parked to right of car.   She is standing in parking space.  She is on the right of the road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   Slow down/move over for emergency vehicles.  
Pedestrian is standing.   Firetruck parked.  Parked cars.  Condo's.  Fire station .  Double yellow line.  Pedestrian is in parking space.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is not too far ahead of car.  
pedestrian is standing in a parking space facing away from the road.   pedestrian is standing away from the road in a parking space.  pedestrian is stationary and not in the vehicle path.  road is adjacent to a parking row. vehicle should be aware of pedestrian traffic to and from the parking row. 
The woman's back is turned to the street. She is talking to someone on the side.  The woman is standing in a parking space. The woman is far enough from cars and others. 
Woman not moving. Woman talking to man.  Woman near parked car. Woman 3 steps into parking spot.  Woman is not moving. Woman is 5 steps from other vehicles. 
Pedestrian is younger female. She is standing.  There is a parking lot to the right. There is a fire house.  She is on the right side of road. She is in the parking lot. She is 3 steps away from road. She is standing facing away from the road.  She is 3 feet to the right is driver. She is 1 car length away from the driver.  She is distracted talking to the fireman. Maybe she has the hots for him.
The woman is facing away from the street.  She is a middle age woman.  She is talking to the EMT.  She is in the parking lane.  She is near the road.  
Pedestrian is news anchor.  Pedestrian is filming segment.  Pedestrian has microphone in hand.  She is standing still.      Pedestrian is to right of car.   
Pedestrian is standing still.  Pedestrian is a reporter.     
A person is standing in the parking lane.  They are standing still.  They are in the parking lane.  They are on the right side of the road. They are near another moving car.  They are far from our car. They are on the right side of our car. 
I cannot tell the gender of the person/people. They are standing still.  There are stores across the street. The are standing in the street by a parked car.  The other car is past them. They are far from this car. It is likely if someone is standing in the street even if they are near a parked car, they will cross. 
They are walking. Unsure if they are getting into the parked car. Urban area. Two way road with two lanes each. One lane in each is used as parking. They are on the right side of the road. They are in the parking lane. They are close to traffic. They are close to the parked cars. They are far from the car. 
Person is standing still.  No crosswalk in road. Person is 1 step from drivers lane.  Person is not walking. Person is 2 steps from car. 
Pedestrian is standing.   Parked cars both sides.  double yellow.  2 lane road.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is next to parked car.  
Pedestrian is standing.  Pedestrian is by parked car.   4 lanes total.  parked cars on both outside lanes.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Car is maintaining speed.  Vehicle maintained speed.   
He is standing and looking at the moving car.   He is at the right edge of the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
the pedestrian is standing next to a parked car on the right side of the road. they are standing just about on the lane divider between the parked car lane and the driver's lane. it's unclear if they intend to move anywhere immediately or wait a few seconds or minutes.   the pedestrian is standing just to the right of the lane divider between the parked cars and driver's lane.  the pedestrian is about 50 feet in front of the driver standing just to the right of the driver's path and facing away from the driver's lane.  
Pedestrian is walking slowly.  There are cars parked on side of road. Driver is close to downtown.  He is on right side of road. He is still in right-most lane. He is two steps from second right lane.  He is to the right of driver. He is 6 car lengths away from driver. He might be getting in his car. He is two feet to the right of driver.  
They are standing.  Parked cars on both side of street.  They are on right side of road. They are near parked car. They are in middle of left most lane.  They are far in distance from car. Car in front is currently passing them. Car is maintaining fast speed.  
They are not facing the road.  They are walking in the parking lane. The man seems older. The man is walking slow.  They are in the parking lane. They are not walking towards the road. The car is near the man. The man is on the right side of our car. 
They are walking.   They are walking into traffic.   
Pedestrians are standing still. Pedestrians are not facing across road.  Pedestrians are next to parked car. Pedestrians are not walking. Pedestrians are 6 steps from driver. Pedestrians are not moving. 
Pedestrian begins walking.  Pedestrian walking away from car.  Traffic light.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian in lane next to car.  
Pedestrian turned away from crossing.   traffic signal.    Pedestrian is to right of car.   
a second pedestrian emerged from the other side of the parked car, presumably they're with the first pedestrian. the first pedestrian turned initially towards the driver's lane to check for traffic, then turned to face forward away from the driver. they seem to be waiting for the 2nd person and for traffic to clear before crossing.   the pedestrian is slowly stepping forward away from the driver along the lane markers on the right side of the driver's lane.  the pedestrian is about 20 feet in front of the driver on the right side of the driver's path.  
They took a step forward then stopped.   He has took a step more into the road. They are walking from right to left side of road.  Car in front has slow down and has break lights on. Car is contuing at a fast speed.  
They stopped walking. They turn to another pedestrian.    
They are a young male. They are walking at a steady pace. the driver is in a two-lane road, they are on the left side of the road. They are 5 meters from the curve. they are about 20 meters from the car. they are on the left side of the road. 
The pedestrian is in the road. They are turning toward the oncoming car.  This is a residential area. There are cars parked on both sides of the street. All of the cars are facing the opposite direction of the car's motion. It looks like a one way street. They are in the road. This car is not very close to them. It is approaching them quickly. 
They are walking with the intent to cross. They are male.  There is street parking. This is an apartment complex.  They are on the road. They are walking to the right.  They are on the left.  
People are walking slowly. Rainy and cloudy. Residential area. People are in road walking across. People on the left side near parked cars in front of car. Car should slow or stop for people in residential area.
Adult males. There two pedestrians. They are facing the road. They are walking There are apartment buildings. The weather is cloudy.  They are standing in the road. They are 8 feet away from the left side of the curb.  They are 4 feet away from parked cars on the left side of the road.  
This person is walking at a fair pace.  This person is on the left side of the road. They are walking towards the right side of the road. This person seems to be walking in the direction of this car. This car is slowed to a crawl. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 5 steps on the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. 
A young man and his friend are walking into the road. They are crossing the street. They are walking.  We are in a residential area. It is cloudy. They are on the left side of the road. They are in the road.  They are on the left side of our car. They are far from our car. Our car is moving very slow.  When you are driving really slow, people are more likely to cross.
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Pedestrians are male.  No crosswalk in road. Driver is near housing area. Pedestrians are 2 steps into road. Pedestrians are walking diagonally in road. Pedestrians are 3 car lengths from driver. Pedestrians are 2 steps from car. 
The two pedestrians in the middle of the road. They are crossing the street. They are walking and stopping.  They are in the middle of the road. The car is closer to them. It has stopped to let them cross. 
This person walks with a non-nonchalant posture.   They are in front of this car. The driver has slowed down to let the people cross.
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Pedestrians waved to driver.  Pedestrians are in middle of road. Pedestrians are walking straight across road. Pedestrians are 1 car length from driver. Pedestrians are moving slowly. Pedestrians and driver can exchange hand wave to signal pedestrian to cross in front of driver.
Person is walking slowly. Person is facing road they might cross. No crosswalk in road. Person is in median. Person is 2 steps from road. Person is walking toward road. Person is far from driver. Person is moving slowly.  
The pedestrian is a younger male. He is walking slowly right.  There is a busy four lane road.  pedestrian is on the median. He is between oncoming and ongoing traffic. He is walking towards the right side of the road.  He is to the left of driver. He is around 9 car lengths away from driver. He is 5 ft to the left of driver.  
Their body is facing opposite side of road. They are standing in median.  Median on left side of road.  They are on the median. They are walking from left side to right side of road.  Car is moving fast. They are far in distance from car.  
There is a person in the distance. They are facing the road.  They are facing the road.  They are close to the road. They are on the left side of the car. They are far away from the car. 
The pedestrian is walking across a median. His body language shows he might attempt crossing the road.   He is a few steps away from the road.  He is in front and to the left of the car.  
He is walking on the lane divider. He is looking at my car.   He is close to my lane.  He is far from my car. My car is running very fast. The front car is very far.  
the pedestrian crossed the oncoming traffic lanes and is slowly walking through the grass median. given the way they're walking and how quickly the driver is approaching, 41 miles per hour, they are very unlikely to cross in front of the driver.  the left lane isn't too wide, although there's a large shoulder or turn lane adjacent to the right lane. The road condition and weather are good though.  the pedestrian just stepped into the grass median from the oncoming traffic lanes. they are slowly walking through the median.  the pedestrian is 100-150 feet in front of the driver, slowly approaching the driver's path at a diagonal angle.  
The pedestrian is coming to a stop.  Rural area. Two-way lane with two lanes each. Turn lane on right. There is a median in the middle of the road. They are standing on the median in the middle of the road. Their walking path is not clear. They are far ahead of the car. 
Pedestrian is standing still.  2 lane with turning lane on one side.  Grass median. Pedestrian is in the middle of grass median.  Pedestrian is in between road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.   
Man is walking slowly.   Man is in median. Man is 2 steps from road. Man is walking diagonally. Man is 1 car length from driver. Man is moving slowly. Man is watching traffic in lanes to cross when clear. Pedestrians use median as halfway crossing point on busy roads.
Person is standing on the median. They are a man.  They are not facing the street.  They are close to the road.  They are walking parallel to the road. They are on the left side of the car.  They are near the car. 
His body language is showing the is waiting to cross the road.   He is a few steps away from the road.  He is to the left of the car.  
Pedestrian has slow walking speed. Pedestrian is pulling up pants.   Pedestrian is in between road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is maintaining speed.   
Pedestrian is walking. He might stay on same path. Four lane road with turning lane. Urban area. Cloudy weather. Good road conditions.  He is in the middle of a lane. He is next to the blue car. 
There is a person standing. He looks like a young boy. He looks like a school child. The location looks like a neighborhood shopping center. He is in the middle of the road.  There is a car in front of the car. There is another car on the left side of the car. 
The pedestrian is in a very precarious spot, but with the vehicle in front of the driver leaving very little gap and the traffic going 30 miles per hour, it's very unlikely they cross in front of the driver.  They're walking against the flow of traffic along the white dotted lane divider between cars in each lane.  There's a 35 mile per hour speed limit.  They are in the middle of the two right-side lanes of traffic walking against the flow of traffic.  They are about 50 feet in front of the driver walking towards the driver along the left-side edge of the driver's lane.  
Pedestrian is a kid. His body appears to be facing the car. He is standing still. Two lane road. Store on right.  He is in the middle of road on right side. He is a one lane over from curb.  Car in front has break lights on.  Car and pedestrian are close in distance. Pedestrian is on left side of car. Many vehicles are driving on road.  
a male child is standing in the road ahead road is double lane with a dual use turn lane separating oncoming traffic in road on dashed line between lane ahead and left lane child is standing just ahead of a car to its left
child is 25 meters away from car 
They are a child. They are moving erratically. They are looking at cars.  They are in road. They are standing still. They are directly ahead of car. Other cars are extremely close. Cars are moving fast. Don't trust a child in the road.
1 pedestrian in the middle of the road.  it is a city road. pedestrian standing in the middle of the road traffic moving very fast 
person is standing. he is looking at this car. the cars are moving fast.  person is standing on middle of two lanes. the car ahead is slowing down. the person is very close to that car. the person is far from this car. if someone is in the middle of the road, they are likely to cross.
the person is male, young, standing   he is standing in the middle of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
Pedestrian is walking moderately. 2 lane road car side.  Dollar store.  Speed limit sign.  Cloudy. Pedestrian is in-between lanes.   Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is close to vehicle.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrians should not walk in the middle of traffic.  Pedestrians should use crosswalks if possible.  Slow when pedestrians are in between lanes. 
He is walking   He is in between two lanes of traffic   
Pedestrian is standing. Attempting to cross to right side of road  Pedestrian is standing in middle of road. pedestrian about 2 cars length from driver. Pedestrian is standing closely to cars ahead of driver 
Pedestrain stopped and faced to the other side.   He is next to grey SUV. 
There is a small gap between the driver and the car in front. The driver is slowing down and the person is looking at the driver, presumably seeing if they can cross. The person looks like a youngish boy.   They are standing in between the two lanes of traffic looking at the traffic, not moving.  They are about 10 feet in front of the driver standing on the left edge of the driver's lane. There are vehicles going by on either side of him.  
Pedestrian is looking at car. He is standing still.    Car has slowed down speed. Car and pedestrian are about 4 ft away from each other.  
child suddenly crouches to move quickly in unknown direction weather is a clear dusk  child is 3 meters away from car 
They are sprinting.   They are crossing They are moving away from car. 
person running towards other direction.    
he is a kid. he is standing still. he is looking the other way.   he is closer to this car. a kid on the road is unpredictable.
Pedestrian begins running.  Pedestrian turns body opposite way.  Pedestrian is almost in middle of lane.  Pedestrian is next to car.  Pedestrian is in lane left of car.   
It is a child. He looks confused and scared   He is in the middle of the road  He is running from the vehicle 
Pedestrian is a kid.   crossed from right side of road to left  
He ran to the left side of road.  He is on the left side of the road. He is to the left of the car. Driver reduces speed when he comes close to pedestrian.
he has started to run the other way.   no cars is in his way on the opposite lane. 
After the driver slowed down for the boy, the boy suddenly turned in the opposite direction to take off at a run. They intend to run the opposite direction from the driver and not cross.   They are standing in between the two ongoing lanes of traffic, about to run towards the left.  They are about six feet in front of the driver and standing on the left edge of the driver's lane. They're about to run in the opposite direction from the driver, away from the driver's lane, without crossing.  
child starts to run away from car  child is in left lane of travel Child runs away from car to the left 
Pedestrians are walking. Two lane road. City area. They are on right side of road. They are ahead of car. 
Pedestrians are walking moderately.  Median.  Strip mall.  Parking lot.  2 lane road car side.  Speed limit sign.  Pedestrian 1 is a few feet in road.  Pedestrian 2 is on grass.  Pedestrian 1 is in front of car.  Pedestrian 2 is slightly right of car.  Pedestrians are not too far from car.  Pedestrians should walk on grass not in road.
They are walking slowly. They do not see car.   They are walking along road. One is in road. They are a moderate distance from car. They are ahead of car. 
Their body is facing forward. They are walking slowly.  Strip mall area.  They are on the right side of road. One pedestrian is a step off the curb. Other pedestrian is in grass. They are walking parallel to road.  Car is maintaining speed. Car and pedestrians are close in distance.  
There are two people walking at a normal pace. They look like young adults. There is a speed limit sign. The location is a shopping mall. They are on the right side of the road. Their crossing intentions are not clear. There is oncoming traffic. 
person is on standing.  speed limit sign is 20 mph.  she is standing on the right side of road. she is near the curb. person is standing near another person. she is far from this car. the car is slowing down. the bus ahead stopped.  
The two women are walking along the right edge of the roadway. One is in the roadway next to the curb and the other is in the grass next to the curb. They could potentially cross, but they're walking very casually like they're out for a stroll. They don't show any specific interest in changing course.  There's a raised median and two lanes of traffic in the driver's direction, with no shoulder on the right. There's a 20 mile per hour speed limit.  They are walking along the right edge of the roadway in the same direction as traffic.  They are about 40 feet in front of the driver and walking along the right edge of the driver's path.  
Pedestrian is walking on the right side of road. He is not looking at car.    
Pedestrians are female. One pedestrian is walking in the road. Speed limit sign reading 20 mph. Pedestrian are on the side of the road. Pedestrians are walking the same direction as traffic. Pedestrian are within a cars length of road users. 
the pedestrian is a female, young, walking slow  she is walking close to the right edge of the road she is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
They turn and see car. They pause for a moment. Then started to walk.   Car slows down. Pedestrian waved hand to signal to cross.
Pedestrians raise hands.  Pedestrians increase walking speed.  Pedestrians are a few steps into road. Pedestrians are in front of car.  Pedestrians are very close to car.   
They look at car.   They face the road. They are close to car. Car is moving slowly. 
They have head turned towards car. Their bodies are facing the opposite side of road.   They both started to step into road. They are crossing from right to left side of road.  Car has come to a stop. Pedestrians and car are about 5 ft from one another.  
Both people are female.  The two people are now walking to the the left side of the road.  
person is looking at driver. she is waiving at driver.    
The women turned around and looked in the driver's direction to see if the way was clear to cross. They do want to cross, but might wait for the driver to pass.   They are standing on the right edge of the roadway.  They are about 20 feet ahead of the driver and standing on the right edge of the driver's path.  
Two middle aged women. They are walking. They are looking at vehicle   They are in the middle of the road. They are walking to the left.  They are in front of vehicle  Yield to pedestrians 
pedestrian is gesturing to car.    
As the driver got closer, the woman shifted into a stationary posture indicating they're not going to cross in front of the driver.   They are still standing on the right edge of the roadway. They are about 15 feet in front of the driver and standing on the edge of the driver's path. They're looking directly at the driver.  
After the driver slowed enough, the two women decided to cross and stepped further into the roadway. They're still looking at the driver as they being to cross just to make sure it's safe, but they're going to cross.   They are a step into the roadway and walking to the left across the road.  They are about 10 feet in front of the driver on the left edge of the driver's path and crossing to the left in front of the driver.  
Pedestrians speed up as they walk across road. Road width is around 2 cars. Pedestrians have straight walking path.  
They are looking at car. They are walking.  They are in road. They are crossing. They are almost to the other lane. They are far ahead. This car is moving slowly. If pedestrian already crossing don't accelerate quickly.
Person is walking fast. They are male.  Road is on college campus. Road has 3 lanes. Person is on the road. They are in right lane.  Person is far from car. They are right of car. They are in front of car. They are near another car. Let the person cross.
Pedestrian is walking. He is faced to the left side of the road. Campus area. Three lane road with turning lanes. He is on the right side of the road. He is next to the red car. 
They are walking.  They are in the right lane. My car is turning into the right lane. Cars yield to pedestrians.
They are walking. They are looking. There is no crosswalk.  They are crossing the road to the left. They are on the road  They are on the right. They are 100 feet away.  Since they are crossing, they will continue to cross in front of this car. 
The pedestrian is walking quickly into the road. They are not looking at the car.  It is in a campus area.  They are in the right lane of the road. They are walking into the middle of the road.  They are far from the car. The car is turning right and increasing in speed. There is another car close to the pedestrian. It is maintaining speed. It is passing them. 
Man is walking quickly. Campus area. He is walking in the road. He is right of car. He is ahead to the right of car. Car should slow or stop for person.
Pedestrian is walking quickly. Campus area Pedestrian is in the middle of the street.  Pedestrian is crossing the vehicles path. They are far ahead of the vehicle. 
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is on campus. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 4 steps on the road. Person walking to the left side of the road.  Person is right of the driver. Person is 30 meters from the driver. Person is 3 steps from driver path. 
The person is walking fast.   The person is on the road. he is ahead of the car. The person is far from the car. The car is maintaining its speed.  
There is a man walking.  This is a campus area.  He is in the middle of the road. He is in the right hand lane.  He is in front of this car. He is to the right of the car ahead.  
Target is male. Target is walking. College campus. Target is walking from right to side across road. Target is in rightmost lane.  Target is right of driver. Target is walking towards driver's path.  
He is walking fast on the road. He is looking at the moving cars.   He is already on the road.  He is far from my car.  
The person is walking normally. The driver is on a college campus. They are in the street. They are several feet from the curb. They are to the right of the driver. They are near a passing car. 
The pedestrians are actively crossing to the left.  The car is in a campus area. They are in the road. They are crossing tothe left side. They are approaching other cars. 
Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian is crossing street.  road is on campus.  Pedestrian is crossing street. Pedestrians path is perpendicular to the flow of traffic.  Cars path will intersect the persons path .  campus areas have high pedestrian traffic. 
The man is speed walking across the street.  He is several feet in front of the car. The car is driving very slowly. 
Pedestrian is walking moderately Campus area.  Parked cars.  2 lane road one side.   Pedestrian is few feet into road.  Pedestrian is a little distance from car.  Pedestrian is in front right of car.  
He crossed in front of the car.  He is on the left side of the road.  He is to the left of the car. 
Pedestrian walking quickly.  Parking lot.  Traffic light.   Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  
person is standing on right side of road.   the speed of car is slow.  
His body is facing the opposite side of road. He is standing.  Wide lanes. Plaza area ahead.  He is on right side of road. He is a step into road.  He will walk right to left side of road. Car and pedestrian are close in distance. Car is maintaining speed. Car in front is maintaining speed. He is on right side of car.  
Pedestrian is standing still. He is a male.   Pedestrian is on the side of the road.  Pedestrian is standing in front of and to the left of vehicle.  Yield to pedestrians. 
There is a person on standing. He looks like he is in the working class. The location looks like a small town. He is on the right side of the road.  He looks like he is waiting for the cars to pass. There is a silver car in front of the car 
Target pedestrian standing.  Side of road. Far from this vehicle. Close to grey car. Pedestrian waits for car to pass.
The person seems to be stationary on the right side of the road waiting for traffic to clear. They'll eventually want to cross to the left, but it seems unlikely they'll cross in front of the driver.  It's a pretty wide two-lane road with a shoulder. There's no sidewalks, crosswalks or signals though.  They're standing on the right edge of the roadway facing across the roadway.  They're about 40 feet in front of the driver and standing on the right edge of the driver's path.  
the pedestrian is male, middle age, standing, with bag on the back  he is close to the right edge of the street he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
person is standing still.  road is narrow.  person is on the right side of the road.  person is close to gray car. person is far from my car. driver is slow. 
He is stopped. He is faced to left of the road.  He is on the right side of the road. He is next to the silver SUV. 
They are standing still. Their arms are crossed.  They are looking at traffic.  They are in road. They are on edge of road. They are crossing. They are moderately close to car. Car is moving moderately. Other cars are very close to them. Others are moving moderately. Make it very clear that you are waiting to cross to avoid confusion with cars.
Pedestrian is standing still. Plaza.  2 lane road.   Pedestrian is a step from the road.  Pedestrian is on curb. Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  Pedestrian is close to vehicle. Vehicle maintaining speed past pedestrian. 
Pedestrian is standing still. Plaza.  2 lane road.  Center turning lane. Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on curb. Pedestrian is not too far from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is close to vehicle.  Vehicle is maintaining speed past pedestrian.  
The person is carrying weight. He is standing on right side of road.    car is accelerating 
Pedestrian began walking slowly when the vehicle passed.   He is on the side of the road  He is behind the vehicle  
Pedestrain started to walk. He did not cross Driver slowed down for pedestrain.  He is next to the car. 
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian standing still. Liquor store.   Pedestrian is a step into the road. Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
person is standing on right side of road.   Car is accelerating.  
They are a young male. they are a student. they are walking at a fast pace. the driver is in a campus area they are in the middle of the road. they are on the double yellow lines. they are 15 meters from the car. they are on the right side of the car. 
Pedestrian is walking in the road. Adult Male. He is facing towards the right side of the road.  They are near campus. There is a stop light. They are on the left side of the road. They are 4 feet away from the left side curb. They are 60 feet away from the vehicle. They are twenty feet away from the vehicle ahead of the driver. 
The person is likely a student. They are walking a fair pace across the road. The person is at a crosswalk. They are near the left lane of the road. They are walking to the right sidewalk. They are quite far from this car. 
 This is a school campus.   They are on the left.  
Unsure of person movement speed. Driver is on campus. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 5 steps on the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is far from driver. 
The pedestrian is near the road. This road is at least 4 lanes across. They have moved close to the road. They are quite far from this car. There is a large vehicle passing them. There is another vehicle in front of this car. 
Person is walking quickly. Croswalk in road at intersection. Traffic signal is red. Driver is on campus. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 4 steps from bus. Person is far from driver. 
Person is walking slowly. Campus area. Red traffic signal ahead.  Person is walking towards road on the left. Person is walking towards bus on the right. Car should slow for traffic signal.
The pedestrian is walking. The car is on a college campus.  They are to the left of the car.  
A student is crossing the road. We are on a college campus.   They are on the left side of the road. They are crossing the road.  They are near other oncoming traffic.  They are very far from our car.  They are on the left side of our car.  our car is moving slow. There are many pedestrians crossing on a college campus. 
They realize that they need to get out of the road. They start to run across the street. There is a traffic light ahead that is red. They are on the center-right lane of the road. They are running to the right sidewalk. They are in front of this car. 
They are running. They are male.  The light is red. There is a crosswalk. They are crossing the road to the right. They are on the road.  They are on the left. They are walking behind other cars.  Since they are running, this car should let them cross.
Person is jogging.  Person is on the road. Person is one lane from the right side of the road. Person is crossing to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is far from driver. 
They have a backpack on which can slow them down. They are running to the right. There is a crosswalk at the traffic light.  They are on the right side of the road. They are in front of the car. 
 They are walking normally.   Road has 4 lanes. Intersection is right ahead. People are in the street. They are walking left.  They are on right of car.  They are near car. 
Two people are walking along the road. It is a two-lane two-way road. Under the highway it is dark. They are on right side of road. The car is moving fast. They are 15 meters ahead on right. 
They are off the curb.  They are facing the opposite side of the street.  
They are walking at the right edge of the road in the same direction as my car.   They are on the road.  They are far from my car.  
Unsure of person's walking speed.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 1 step on the road. Unsure of person's walking path. Person is right of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is 15 steps from driver path. 
The pedestrian is walking. He looks like he is headed into the road.  It looks like he is in the bike lane on the road. It is getting dark out.  He is along the right side of the road.  He is in front of the car to the right.  
pedestrians are adults. pedestrians show no intent to cross. pedestrians are walking on roadway.  road is well marked. Road does not have sidewalk for pedestrians.  pedestrians are walking parallel to traffic.  Cars trajectory is parallel to pedestrians trajectory. Car's trajectory will not intersect pedestrians trajectory.  
The pedestrian is walking in the road. The car is on a city road. The pedestrian is in the road. They are to the right of the car. They are a few car lengths ahead. 
They are walking. They are faced away from the car. Two lane road with turning lane. They are on the right side of the road. They are about three car lengths ahead of the car. 
Targets are walking.  Right turn lane. Intersection. Traffic signal.  Targets are in the rightmost turn lane. Targets are walking down the rightmost turn lane. Targets are in front and to the right of the driver. 
People are walking normally.    They are side of road. They are close to car. They are right of car. 
  They are walking parallel to the road.  
The pedestrian is walking in the road. They are walking along the curb.  There is no sidewalk.  They are walking in parallel to the road. They are ahead and to the right of the car.  Pedestrians walk in the street if sidewalk not available.
They are walking slowly.   They are to the right of the car. 
   Targets are to the right of the driver. 
They are not facing the road.  They are walking parallel to the road.  
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 4 steps from the road. Unsure of person's walking path. Person is right of the driver. Person is 45 meters from the driver. Person is 8 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced in opposite direction of car. Two lane road. Urban area. Pedestrian is on right side of road. Pedestrian is ahead of gold car. 
Pedestrian standing still.  Pedestrian on sidewalk. Pedestrian ahead of vehicle. Not in motion 
He is walking on the right sidewalk in the same direction as my car.   He is far from the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Target is waking. Target is a women.  Street side parking. Center turn lane. Target is walking on the right sidewalk. Target is walking down the right sidewalk. Target is right of all road users. Target looked at oncoming traffic. Target will likely attempt to cross road after traffic has passed.
Person is not walking. Road has 2 lanes. Road has parking on right. It's a sunny day. Person is near road. They are on sidewalk. They are right of road. They are near car. They are right of car. 
Pedestrian has back to traffic. Pedestrian is walking on sidewalk. Pedestrian shows no intent to cross.  road is well marked.  pedestrians walking path is parallel with traffic of road.  pedestrian is traveling parallel to car's trajectory. Cars trajectory will not intersect pedestrians trajectory. Car is travelling fast.  road is busy. pedestrians typically follow crossing rules on busy road with low pedestrian traffic.
This person is walking. They are facing away from the car.   They are on the sidewalk. They are to the right of the road.  They are to the right of the car. This car is going too fast for them to cross.  
The pedestrian is walking along the sidewalk. The car is on a city two way road. They are walking to the right side of the road. They are on the right side of the vehicle. 
She starts to walk onto road.   Car maintains speed. 
Person is a woman and stopped walking. Person looks far behind.     
Pedestrian has turned to look at traffic. Pedestrian has stepped off curb to cross street.   pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to traffic.  Pedestrians new trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory. Car's trajectory would intersect pedestrians trajectory. 
Pedestrian steps into the road.   She is facing the road.  They are to the right of the car. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 3 steps on the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 2 lanes from driver path. 
Person is walking slowly. No crosswalk in road. Road is wet. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 1 step into road. Person is 1 lane from car. Person is moving slowly. 
Adult male. They are facing the road. They are facing parallel of the vehicle. There is a parking lot. There are buildings. They are 2 feet away from the road. They are standing on the right side sidewalk. They are 1 foot away from the curb. They are on the right side of the vehicle. They are 55 feet away from the vehicle. They are 15 feet away from vehicle ahead of driver. 
The pedestrian is walking quickly toward the road.  There are four driving lanes. It is raining. They are very close to the road or in the road. They will cross the road if they continue to walk straight. The car is moving toward the pedestrian.  There is a car passing where he is. This car is two lanes away from the pedestrian. When it is raining cars let pedestrians cross even when they don't have the right of way.
Person is walking quickly to cross. Rainy road conditions and cloudy sky. City street. Person is on the right in road. Person is walking on the right towards car. Car should slow. Person should not cross. If person is walking quickly they will cross.
There is a person walking toward the road. There are several lanes of traffic. It is raining.  It is cloudy. They are on the right side of the road. They are on the sidewalk. They are walking towards the road.  They are near other moving cars. They are far from our car. They are on the right side of our car. People are less likely to cross when there are multiple lanes of traffic. 
The target is walking slowly. It is cloudy and dark out there. He is far right on road. Multiple cars are moving fast. The car is far from the target. Car is moving slow. 
They are standing. This is a four-lane road. The road is wet. There is no crosswalk. They are on the side of the road. They are on the right. They are very far away. 
The pedestrian is walking slowly. The weather is rainy. The pedestrian is on the right-most lane of the road. They are walking towards the left sidewalk. The pedestrian is far away from the driver. There is a car in front of them. 
Person is walking faster.  Person is in the middle of the road. Person is 15 steps from the left side of the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 5 meters from the driver. 
Person slowed walking speed.  Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 1 car length from driver. 
The pedestrian continues to walk into the road. She increases her speed as the car gets closer.  She is in the middle of the road. This car is very close to her. 
The person is walking fast.  They are a lady.   They waved at us to acknowledge they are crossing. it is raining.   They are in the middle of the road They are crossing to the left side of the road.  They are near our car. They are on the right side of our car.   When someone waves at you and starts walking, it means they are crossing. 
The target keeps walking. They have picked up speed.  They are near 2nd lane. It is a 4-lane 1 way road. Car is slowing down. 
They are walking with purpose.   They are walking to the left. They are crossing the road. They are on the road.  They are 100 feet away. 
The person is probably female. They are quickly walking out of the way of the driver.  They are on the second lane, nearest to the left. They are near the sidewalk. They are right in front of the driver. The person acknowledges the driver.
They are moving faster. They are looking. They gestured to this car, "thank you"  They are in the lane to the right. They are 20 feet away.  
The person waived hand to stop the car. She started running.   She is on 2nd lane. She is near right side of car. The car has slowed down for the person. No other car is in her way.  
Person is running. Person waved at driver.  Person is in middle of road. Person is moving straight across road. Person is 1 car length from driver. It can be normal for driver to tell person to cross in front of them so they can get out of the road.
The pedestrian is running. He has crossed the road. A speed limit sign is seen on right    
Pedestrain crossed. He maintained speed.  He is on the right side of road. He is on the right side of the car.  Driver reduced speed when came close to pedestrian.
He is running. His body is facing opposite side of road.   He is one lane away from reaching the sidewalk.  Car and pedestrian are still far in distance. Car is maintaining speed. He is a lane over to the left of car.  
Pedestrian is running.   Cloudy. Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is in lane closest to median.  Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian two lanes left of car.   
  The person is running.  
  car is now turning into pedestrians path. Pedestrian is clear of the cars path.  pedestrian is clear of cars path. pedestrian has crossed through intersection.  
They are walking. Their head is down. They are on the sidewalk. They are walking parallel to the road.  
He is walking on the road.   He is already in the middle of the road.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down as it is taking a left turn.  
Target is male.  Target is walking on the left sidewalk.  Target is to the left of driver.  
Pedestrian kept walking toward car on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is on the left side of the car. Car reduces speed for pedestrian.
The pedestrian is still walking.   They are in the crosswalk. They are in the road.  They are in front of this car. The car turned. So the pedestrian did cross in front of this car.  
Person is walking normal speed.   Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps from the left side of the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 20 meters from the driver. Person is in driver path. 
The pedestrian is not facing the road. They are walking parallel to the road.  They are walking parallel to the road. They are to the left of the car. 
Person is walking normal. Person is a student.  Person is walking on sidewalk. Person is close to car. Person is left of car.  
They are walking. They are crossing at a parking lot. They are in the road. They are in my car's path. 
Person is walking normal. Person is a student.  Car is on campus. Car is going into parking lot. Person is in the crosswalk.  Person is close to car. 
   Car turns while the pedestrian starts to cross. 
   Target is walking across the parking lot entrance the driver is turning into. 
The pedestrian crossed the path of the car.  The pedestrian is on the sidewalk. They are parallel to the road.  
Pedestrian is walking. College campus. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is directly in front of driver. 
Person is walking along the road. It is near a parking lot. Person is on left sidewalk. The car is moving slow for another woman up ahead. The person is far from car. Car is going straight. She is on far side of side walk.
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the right side of the road. Two lane road with double yellow lines. Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is far from the car. 
Pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. Campus area. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is in the path of vehicle. 
The pedestrian is slowly crossing the road. The pedestrian is in the road. campus area The pedestrian is in the road. They are walking to the right of the car. The pedestrian is in front of oncoming traffic. They are walking across the lane in front of car. Watch for students when near schools
There is a person walking. They are already crossing the road.   They are in the middle of the road.  They are in front of this car.  
Person is walking normally.  Road has 2 lanes. Road on college campus. Person is on road.  Person is far from car. They are in front of car. Let the person cross.
Pedestrian is in road. Pedestrian has back to car. Pedestrian isn't paying attention. road is on campus area.  Pedestrian is walking in road. Pedestrian is walking perpendicular to the flow of traffic.  pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory.  campus areas have high pedestrian traffic. Pedestrians on campus don't pay attention to car's
The pedestrian is on the yellow line between opposite lanes of traffic.  Pedestrian is along my car's path. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road.  
Person is walking normal speed.  Driver is near a parking lot. Person is on the road. Person is one lane from the left side of the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. Person is one step from the driver path. 
He is walking in the left lane. He almost reached the lane divider.   He is already on the road. He is walking diagonally from the left to right side of the road.  He is far from my car. My car is going slow.  
Pedestrian crossed in front of car.  She is on the right side of the road. She is to the right. Car is slowing down more. Driver becomes cautious around pedestrian.
Adult male. They are standing in the middle of the road. They are facing parallel to the driver. They are in a neighborhood.  They are standing in the middle of a 6 lane split road. They are 40 feet away from the right side of the road. They are on the left side of the vehicle. They are 50 feet away from vehicle. They are 25 feet away from vehicle ahead of driver.  
The person is pushing something that looks like a stroller. They are hunched down, suggesting that they are older. They walk slowly.  They near the lane median. They are on the road and walking to the right. They are near the van in front of this car. They are a fair distance from this car. 
They are walking. This is a three-lane highway road. There is no crosswalk. They are walking to the right. They are moving towards the median. They are close to moving traffic. Since there is no crosswalk, they will wait for a break in traffic behind me to cross.
Pedestrians are walking across the road.  There are three lanes and a turning lane on this side of the road. There are the same on the other side. They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing. They are in the turning lane. There are vehicles traveling in front of this car. They are moving at a normal speed. The vehicle in front of this car is braking. If there is a median to wait at, the pedestrians may wait to cross.
Person is walking quickly to curb. 4 lanes of busy city traffic at dusk. There is a divider between roadways. They are in the middle of the road on a curb. They are on the right close to an SUV and up ahead of car. Car should not stop, but slow. Traffic is too busy for people to cross.
They are a middle-aged man. They are walking at a slow pace.   They are in the middle of the road. They are to the left of the car.
They are about meters from the car.
 
Person is standing.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps from the road. Unsure of person's walking path. Person is left of driver. Person is far from driver. 
Pedestrians are walking slowly. No crosswalk in road. Road is wide. Pedestrians are in middle of road. Pedestrians are walking straight across road. Pedestrians are 6 steps from car. Pedestrians are moving slowly. Car is too close for pedestrians to begin crossing so pedestrians have to wait for car and driver to pass.
There is a person in the middle of the road. They are walking.  They are in the middle of the road. They are in the median.  They are near other oncoming traffic.  They are far from our car. They are on the left side of our car.  We are driving fast.  When there are multiple cars driving fast, people are not likely to cross. 
The person slows down.  The person is on the lane to the center-left. They are facing the median. They are close to this car and the other traffic. 
They are walking.  There is a school crossing sign.  They are on the left side of the road.  They are to the left of the car.  
The pedestrian is on the left side of the road. The car is in a residential neighborhood. They are on the left side of the road. They are far up ahead of the car. They are to the left of the car. 
Target is walking. Center turn lane. Target is walking from left to right side of road. Target is in the left lanes. Target is far ahead of the driver and to the left. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is 3 lanes from driver path. 
They are walking.  They are in the middle of the road.  
A person is walking.  The person is far from the car. They are on the oncoming lane of the road. The car is moving fast. The person is working slowly. They are checking the traffic. they would not cross in time. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the right side of the road. Four lane road. Pedestrian is on the left side of the road. The pedestrian is about five car lengths ahead of the car. 
He is walking in the left lane of the road. He is heading to the buffer zone. He is looking at my car.   He is on the road. He is in the right lane of the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintain the same speed.  
Pedestrian is an adult. pedestrian is running into road
 road is clearly marked. road has middle lane where pedestrian could stop.  Pedestrian is in road. Pedestrian is crossing road. Pedestrian is crossing road perpendicular to the flow of traffic.  Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to the car's trajectory.  pedestrians crossing illegally are unpredictable. 
Person is walking normally. Road has 4 lanes. Road has middle turning lane. Road is in residential area.  Person is on road. They are in left lane.  Person is far from car. They are left of car. 
They are slowly walking.   They are in the turn lane of the road.  They are to the left of the car.  
The pedestrian is slowly walking to the center of the road. They are looking toward the car.  They are crossing slowly towards the right. They are closer to the left of the car. They are looking to make eye contact with traffic.
Target is slowly walking. Target is male.  Target is in the center turn lane. Target is left of the driver. 
They are walking slowly.  They slow and stop in the turn lane.  
He is walking slow. Car maintained speed. He is in middle of road. He is to the left of the car. 
Pedestrian is stopping halfway to allow car to pass.   pedestrian is to the left of the car. Car is very close to the pedestrian.   
  Person is in middle lane. Person is near car. Car is moving fast. 
Pedestrian is adult. They are maintaining walking speed. They are male. The traffic signal is green for the car. Two way lane with a pull off for a bus on the right. They are in the pull off lane. They are entering the road. Their walking path is dangerous. They are on the right side of the road. They are close to traffic. They are one lane away from the black car. The car is maintaining speed. The black car is maintaining speed.  
A man is stepping into the street. He is facing the other side of the street.  He is walking.  He is on the right side of the road.  He is in the street. He is on the right side of the car. He is far from our car. 
 Green traffic light.  They are on right side of road. They are walking parallel to road on sidewalk.  They are far away in distance from car. Car is traveling at a slower speed. 
Person is walking slowly.  No crosswalk in road. Person is 2 steps from curb. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 1 lane from car. Person is moving slowly. 
Pedestrian is walking.   Green traffic light.  Mall parking lot to right of car.  Turning lane/Bus stop.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is to right of car.   
the pedestrian stepped into the right lane of traffic to cross, but with traffic going by and not a very large gap between cars, it seems unlikely they'll cross in front of the vehicle.  it's a four-lane road at an intersection. driving conditions are good and the road is busy. there aren't any crosswalks.  pedestrian is stepping into the right lane of traffic from the right sidewalk. they're about 10 feet from the driver's lane.  pedestrian is about 100 feet in front of the driver walking towards the driver's lane.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   Traffic light.  Parking lot.  Businesses.  2 lane road car side.  Pedestrian is a step into the road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is in lane next to car.  
Pedestrian is a younger male. He is walking slowly left.  There is a stoplight. It is a 5 lane busy road.  He is on the right side of the road. He is 4 steps from the curb. He is just entering the 1st lane on the right.  He is 6 ft to the right of driver. He is 6 car lengths away from driver. He is directly right of the car in front.  
He is walking toward the road. He is looking at the moving cars.  Green signals are on.  He is at the right edge of the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Pedestrian starts to run. They see the car.    
The man is running. He is running to the other side of the street. He is young.  He is in our lane of traffic. He is in the middle of the street.  He is on the right side of our car. He is far from our car. He is near another car that has passed already. 
His body is facing opposite side fo road. Median in middle.  They are walking right to left side of road. They have stepped into right most lane.  Car infront is currently passing them. There is a lot of space between car and this car.  
Person is running across road.   Person is 1 lane from curb. Person is running straight across road. Person is 2 steps from car. Person is 2 lanes from cars. 
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian is not looking at car coming.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is next to vehicle.   
the pedestrian started taking larger strides and walking more quickly towards the driver's lane. there's still not a huge gap, but large enough if they move quickly that they could cross in front of the vehicle.   the pedestrian is on the white lane divider between the right lane and driver's lane walking quickly towards the center of the road.  the pedestrian is about 50-100 feet in front of the driver on the right side of the driver's lane walking towards the center of the road.  
Pedestrian begins running.  4 lanes with turning lane.  Bus stop.   Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.   Pedestrian is in cars lane.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is a little distance from car.   
He started running.     He began running to give car right of way, 
He started running toward the road divider.   He is already in my lane.  He is close to my car.  
His body is facing opposite side of road. Median in middle.  They are walking right to left side of road. They have stepped into right most lane.  Car infront is currently passing them. There is a lot of space between car and this car.  
The man is running. He is running to the other side of the street.  He is in a hurry.  He is in our lane of traffic. He is in the middle of the road. He is near a car that has passed him.  He is on the right side of our vehicle. He is still far from our car. 
Target pedestrian stopped and walked backwards.  Backed to the side of road. Close to car. 
She sees the car and goes back towards curb.  She is at right side of road. My vehicle had to slow down by the pedestrian. Pedestrian sees car and goes back to side of road when close to car.
The person is a female.    
They turned kind of suddenly towards the left to cross. They're not yet looking in the driver's direction so might not see the driver coming.  There's a 25 mile per hour speed limit.  They stepped into the ongoing lane of traffic and are walking to the left towards the center of the road to cross.  They are about 50 feet in front of the driver and slowly walking to the left into the driver's lane.  
pedestrian is crossing the road.  He has crossed halfway already.  
They have started to walk.    They are in middle of cars lane. Car is still driving fast.  Car is driving by pedestrian on other side of street. 
Pedestrian is a middle aged woman. She is walking backwards. She is looking at vehicle   Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. She is walking backwards away from the center of the road.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the right of vehicle. 
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian begins quickly walking backwards. Speed limit sign.  Industrial area.  Traffic light.  Parked cars.  2 lane road.  double yellow line in middle. Pedestrian is a few feet into road.   Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
Pedestrian walking fast.  pedestrian in the middle of the road.  
They see car.  They are crossing. They move backwards. They move back towards sidewalk. They are close to car. Car is moving fast. Dont make a car get on the brakes for you to pass if it's not necessary 
pedestrian has walked backwards  He is looking at car The car is fast. 
The pedestrian quickly retreated after looking left toward the driver and seeing the driver coming. They stepped backward and are not going to cross. They're going to let the driver go on.   They are back to the edge of the lane now, out of the way of traffic. They are facing left across the road, but are stationary or stepping backwards.  They are about 30 feet in front of the driver, looking at the driver and standing still waiting for the driver to pass.  
The pedestrian is walking backwards.    
They have started to walk backwards out of cars way.   Car and pedestrian are close in distance. Car is driving to fast for them to cross.  
They are a middle-aged male. they are walking at a steady pace.  they are in a two lane road.  They are a step from the left curve.  they are 20 meters from the car. they are left of the car.  
Person is walking slowly.  No crosswalk in road. Person is 1 step from road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 2 lanes from car. Person is very far from driver. 
A person is approaching the road. They are walking. It is cloudy. They are on the edge of the road. They are on the left side of the road.  They are near other moving traffic.  They are far from our car. They are on the left side of our car.  
The person walks with large strides. The weather is cloudy. The person is on the edge of the left lane. They are far from this car. They are to the left of this car. 
They are standing.   They are facing the right. They are on the curb.  They are very far away. Traffic is moving.  
Unsure of person movement.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 1 step from the road. Unsure of person walking direction. Person is left of driver. Person is far from driver. 
The pedestrian is standing straight.  This is a two or three lane road. The pedestrian is standing near the road. He is facing the road.  There is a vehicle passing in front of him. Another vehicle is stopped ready to turn near him. This car is not near him. 
Adult male. They are standing. They are facing the road.  There is a business. There is a parking lot. The weather is cloudy. They are standing on the left side of the road. They are one foot away from the curb. They are two feet away form the road. They are 45 feet away from the vehicle. They are 10 feet away from the vehicle ahead of driver. 
Man is walking slowly. Two lane city street, cloudy. He is on the left walking into road. He is left of a truck. He is far away from car. Man is far away and should yield to busy street. Car should slow.
they are a young male. they are walking at a slow pace. the driver is on a two-lane road. they are a step from the left curve. They are 20 meters in front of the car. They are left to the car. 
Person is standing still.  No crosswalk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is 3 car lengths from driver. Pedestrians will often stop in middle of road to allow driver to pass first.
The person is walking quickly.  The person is in the center of the road. They are walking to the right side of the road. They are in front of this car. The car is driving too fast to slow down for this person. This car is close to the person. 
They are walking. They see me. They are male. They slowed their walking speed. There is no crosswalk.  They are in the middle of the road. They are on the dividing, double-yellow line. This car is not slowing down for them. Since there is no crosswalk, they will cross behind this car. 
Person is walking slowly.  Person is on the road. Person is one lane from the right side of the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 25 meters from driver. 
They are walking slowly.  There is no crosswalk. They are on the road. They are walking to the right. They are on the left. They are far away. Since there is no crosswalk and traffic is moving, they will wait to cross when it is safe. 
The person is running to cross the road.   The person is left side of the road. he is already on the road.  The person is running. The car is maintaining its speed.  
Two people are walking quickly. City street. Wide lanes. They are walking in the middle of the road to the right. They are on the left of car. Car should slow for people in road.
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. He is looking at the car. He might cross.  It is in a business area.  He is in the median of the road. He is walking through the road. He is far from the car. He is in front on the left side. The car is maintaining speed. There are other cars driving in the opposite direction. He is not in the car's way. 
They are looking at car. They are moving briskly.  They are in the road. They are crossing. They are in middle of road. They are moderately ahead of the car. Other cars are moving fast. Car is moving fast. If someone is jaywalking, don't keep driving and make it a dangerous situation.
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   Restaurants.  2 way road car side.  double yellow line in middle.  Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.  Pedestrian is left of car.  Pedestrian in opposite side of traffic.  
Target is walking slowly. He is looking at the car.  Target is in the turn lane.  The car is moving fast. There is no car in the target's path. 
The pedestrian is an adult male. He walks quickly across the lanes going in the opposite direction of this car. There is a break in traffic in the opposite direction. Pedestrian is almost at the center of the four-lane road. Pedestrian is about 50 feet in front of this vehicle. He is on the left of this car. 
The person is walking slowly. The driver is in a restaurant area. The person is in the road. They are several feet from the curb. The person is far from the driver. The driver is maintaining speed.  
They acknowledged this car's signal to cross.  There is a restaurant on the right. They are running. They are crossing. They are 100 feet away. Since this car slowed down, they decided to cross. 
The pedestrian is starting to run across the road. He has seen my car slowing down. he will cross.    He is closer to the car than before.  
Pedestrian begins jogging.  Pedestrian sees car approaching.  Pedestrian raises hand.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is 50 feet from car  
The target stopped for a while. But he started to run when he saw the car is stopping for him.  He is in the turn lane. Car is slowing down for him.  
He paused and looked at this car. Then he began to run across the road.   Pedestrian is about 30 feet in front of this car. There are no other cars in the lanes going the same direction as this car. When a pedestrian waves and makes eye contact with a driver, the vehicle must stop.
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is in a middle turn lane. Pedestrian is nearly directly in front of the car. 
Posture indicated movement. There is a single lane in each direction. They were in the middle of the road.  Pedestrians have the right of way.
Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian is in road. Pedestrian is walking dog.  Road is rural country road.  Pedestrian is in road. pedestrian is crossing from left side to right side of road Pedestrian's trajectory is in car's trajectory. Pedestrian is directly in front of vehicle. Vehicle is traveling fast.  
The pedestrian is actively crossing towards the right curb. The car is on a country road. They are walking in the middle of the road.  They are far up ahead of the car. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the right of the road. Wide road. Raul area. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is far from the car. 
Person is standing in the middle of the street Road has one lane per side and a shared turning lane in the middle. Person is in the middle of the street. Person is in front of this car. 
They are slowly walking across the street. They are walking a dog.   They are in the middle of the road.  They are right in front of the car.  
A man with his dog is walking on the road. He is looking at my car.   He is on the left edge of the road.  He is far from my car.  The moving car should slow down as his dog is already on the road. 
Person is walking normal speed  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is in the middle of the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is 2 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian walking slowly. Wide road. Two lanes and a turn lane. Dusk or dawn. Lowers visibility. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is far ahead of vehicle. Next to another car backing up. 
Person is walking in front of the car. Person has a dog  Person and dog is in the road. Person and dog are in the car's lane. They are right in front of the car. Slow down so they can cross the road
The pedestrian is still walking.   They are to the right of the road.  They are now to the right of the car.  
Pedestrian is walking at an average pace. Pedestrian looks male. Pedestrian is on sidewalk. Next to construction Pedestrian is on sidewalk. On left side of road. Pedestrian is a couple car lengths ahead of vehicle. 
Person is walking parallel to road. They are male. They are construction worker. Road has 4 lanes. They are on sidewalk. They are near road.  They are near car. They are left of car.  
Their head is down.  They are walking in the opposite direction of my car. They are walking parallel to the road.  
There is a man walking. He is looking in the opposite direction the car is headed.   They are on the sidewalk. They are to the left of the road. They are headed in the opposite direction.  The car ahead is breaking. 
The target is walking along the left sidewalk.  Car is passing through a construction zone. They are not facing the road. They are on the sidewalk to the left. They are to the left of the car. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 3 steps from the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking towards driver. Person is left of the driver. Person is 35 meters from the driver. Person is 2 lanes from driver path. 
Target is walking. Target is male.  Construction. Traffic signal.  Target is left of road. Target is on left sidewalk.  Target is left of all road users.  
He is walking. He is faced toward the car. City area. Four lane road with turning lane. He is on the left side of the road. He is to the left of the car. 
pedestrian is far away from car. pedestrian has turned to walk on side walk.  road is near construction area.  pedestrian is on sidewalk. pedestrian is traveling parallel with traffic. pedestrian is walking the opposite direction of the car.  pedestrian is tot he left of the car. pedestrian is walking parallel to the car. pedestrian is walking the opposite direction of the car.  
He is walking on the left sidewalk. He is walking in the opposite direction of my car.   He is far from my lane.  He is far from my car.  
The target is walking along the left sidewalk.   They are on the left side of the car. 
They are walking on the left side sidewalk. They are talking to each other.   They are close to the road.  They are far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Their gait is wide.  They are on the left side of the road. There are two directions of traffic.  
Pedestrians are male. They are also construction workers.  Near construction zone. Pedestrians are walking towards road. They are on left side of road. Pedestrians are going toward path of vehicle. 
He is walking. He is faced to the right side of road. City area. Four lane road. He is on left side of road. He is on left side of the car. 
Construction worker. Male. Walking quickly. Construction zone. Left of the road near the sidewalk. Left of the driver. 
The people are walking. They are talking to each other. They are facing towards the other side of the road.  There seems to be a construction site.  They are on the sidewalk next to the road. They are on the left side. They are about to step into the road.  They are to the left of this car. The car ahead of this one is breaking.  
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 3 steps from the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. Person is 3 lanes from driver path. 
Person is walking at a normal pace. Person is a male construction worker.  Road has two lanes for each side. Road has a shared turning lane. Person is walking towards the road. Person is on the opposite side of the car. Person is in front of the car. Person is on the left side of the car in front of this car.  
pedestrian is an adult. pedestrians path is not clear.   pedestrian is walking on sidewalk.  pedestrian is walking slow.  
The pedestrian is facing the road. The car is on a city street.  They are on the sidewalk. They are to the left of the road. They are to the far left of the car drive with caution in construction zones.
He is not crossing in front.   He is behind the car. 
They are running on the road. They arrived at the buffer zone.   They are already on the road.  They are close to my car. My car is slowing down due to the traffic ahead.  
They are in the middle of the opposite lane.  They are walking perpendicular to my car. They are walking faster. 
He starts to pick up speed.  He is in middle of road. Car slows to a stop. 
Walking quickly with intent to cross the road. Construction zone. Exited off the leftmost sidewalk onto the left side of the road. Left of the driver. Allowed pedestrians to cross in front of the car as the car was coming to a complete stop due to a traffic signal ahead.
  Person is on the road. Person is one lane from the left side of the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 15 meters from driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
The people are speed walking. They are construction workers. There is a traffic signal ahead. The people are in the middle of the road. The people are on the opposite side of the road from the car. Letting the people cross in front of the car.
pedestrians are crossing into road. Pedestrians are two adults. pedestrians see car. pedestrians appear to be willing ot let car pass.   pedestrians are entering road way. Pedestrians path is perpendicular to traffic flow.  pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory.  
The pedestrian quickly begins to cross.  They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing toward the right curb. They are crossing in front of the car. 
pedestrians pace has sped up. pedestrians are crossing in front of car.   car's in road are stopping. pedestrians are crossing now that traffic has stopped.   
the pedestrian walked across the oncoming lanes of traffic and reached the raised median. they  slowed slightly indicating they'll wait for the driver to pass before continuing across the street to the right.   they are on the raised median and walking along the median towards the driver.  they are about 30 feet in front of the driver, just on the left-hand side of the driver's lane.  
A young man is standing on the median. He is walking.  He is looking at the traffic. We are approaching a red light. He is in the middle of the road.  He is standing on a median. He is going to cross to the right side of the street. He is on the left side of the car. He is close to the car.   
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian stops on median. Traffic light.  3 lane road on car side.  Median. Pedestrian is in middle of road.  Pedestrian is on median. Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
Person is walking slowly.  Person is on median. Person is walking across road. Person is 2 car lengths from driver. Person is moving slowly. Person is stepping onto median and normally would wait for driver to pass before continuing across road.
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.   gas station to left of car.  median.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is walking to median.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is a little distance from car.  
His body is facing opposite side of road. He has slowed down walking pace as car approaches.   He is on the median.  Car is maintaining a fast speed. He is close in distance to car.  
The pedestrian stops on the median. They are an adult male.  They are in the middle of the road. They are close to the car. 
The target stopped walking. They are looking at the car. narrow road They are left side of the car.  The car is maintaining its speed. They are left side of the car.  
The pedestrians are walking slowly.  They are in the road. They are next to the curb.  
Two people standing.  Man is standing on sidewalk. Woman is standing in road.  Woman turns around to return to sidewalk indicating no intent to cross.
They start walking moderately.  One is in the road. Others are close to road. They are walking along road.  
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 1step on the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking away from driver. Person is left of driver. Person is 25 meters from driver. 
One person starts to cross but then changes their direction and moves back to the sidewalk.   The people are to the front of this car. The people are to the left of this car. They are a fair distance from this car. 
They changed their mind. They are female.   They are on the road. They are walking back. They are walking back towards the sidewalk. They are walking to the left.  They are on the left. They are 70 feet ahead.  They started to cross, then saw this car approaching, so they decided not to cross. 
Two woman are facing the road.  They are waiting to cross. They see our car.  They are facing the road.  They are stepping into the street. They are on the left side of the road. They are near our car. They are on the left side of our car. Our car is moving slow.  
Pedestrians are walking slowly. No crosswalk in road. Pedestrians are walking parallel with road. Pedestrians are 1 step from curb. Pedestrians are moving slowly. Pedestrians are 20 steps from driver. Pedestrians walking parallel with road signals that they are waiting for driver to pass before crossing.
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian turns back to sidewalk.  Pedestrian 2 standing still.   Pedestrian is a step into the road.  Pedestrian 2 is next to road.  Pedestrian 2 is on sidewalk.   Pedestrians are close to car.  Pedestrian is in lane next to car.  Pedestrians are to left of car.  
  They stepped onto the road.   
They look at car. They stop.    
They turned back. They are female.   They are walking back to the sidewalk.   They decided not to cross. 
One person begins to cross but changes direction. They walk back to the sidewalk.   The people are a fair distance form this car. This car is going slowly. 
The pedestrian changed directions and is now walking parallel to the road. They are not looking at the car. They might not cross.   They are on the left side of the road. They are walking on the road, but walking parallel and not across.  They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed still. 
The woman turned back. She is walking toward the sidewalk.    
The pedestrian starts to walk across the road. She turns back toward the sidewalk. She walks back to the sidewalk.  She is very close to the road.  If a pedestrian is not at a crosswalk, they give right of way to moving traffic.
The pedestrian is stopped. She is looking at the car. She will not cross.    She is close to the car. The car is maintaining speed. She is on the left side of the car.  
The person is walking slowly and diagonally. They are looking at my car. It is sunny clear day. The person is in the center turn-lane. They can wait for opportunity to cross. The car is moving fast. The distance between car and the person is reducing fast.  In center-lane people usually wait when cars move fast.
The pedestrian is standing in the road. They are not moving quickly. There are five lanes. They are close to the sidewalk. They are on left side of the car. The car is far from the pedestrian. Another vehicle is passing the pedestrian. The pedestrian may try to cross because of the distance.
The person is walking at a casual pace. It is unknown if the person will stop or not.  The person is near the middle of the road, on the left half of the road. This car is going quick. The person is quite far ahead of this car. 
Man is walking slowly to cross. City street. Parking lane on right. Man is in the middle of the road walking to right side.. Man is far up ahead of car on the left. Car should slow, but not stop. Man may cross if car is far away.
Adult male. They are standing. They are facing the right side of the road. There is a parking lot. There is a store. The weather is sunny.  They are standing in the middle of the road. They are are 15 feet away from the right side of the road.  They are on the left side of the driver. They are 30 feet away of the vehicle. They are 12 feet from the vehicle in the right lane ahead of the driver. 
A person is walking in the street. They are walking slow.  They are walking down the road. They are in the middle of the road. They might want to cross to the right side of the road. They are far from our car. They are on the left side of the road. 
Person is walking slowly. No crosswalk in road. Person is moving straight across road. Person is in middle of road. Person is 3 lanes from car. Person is far from driver. 
They are walking slowly. There is a parking lane. There is no crosswalk. They are in the middle lane. They are on the road. They are crossing to the right. They are very far away. Since there is no crosswalk, this car may pass the pedestrian.
Person is standing.  Person is in the middle of the road. Person is 2 lanes from the right side of the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of driver. Person is 50 meters from driver. 
The person has changed direction. They walk with a slight limp.   They are close to this car. They are keeping to the left of this car. This car is too far forward to stop for them. 
A middle-aged man is walking leisurely down the road.    he is in the middle of the road.  he is walking down the road.   He is in the median.  They are on the left side of our car. We are moving fast.   He is a distance from our car.   
Person is walking slowly.   Person is walking diagonally in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is 20 steps from driver. Person is moving slowly. 
They are male. They are walking casually.  They are walking down the road. They are 80 feet away. Since they are walking in the middle lane along the road, they will not cross in front of this car. 
Person is walking slowly.  Person is in the middle of the road. Person is 2 lanes from the right side of the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking towards driver.  Person is left of driver. Person is 25 meters from driver.  
Pedestrian facing road.  two lane one way road.  Field on left, commercial area on right.  No visible crosswalks. Traffic is light.   Pedestrian at a safe distance.  He is Walking in direction facing.  He is walking at a slow pace.  Pedestrian on right side sidewalk.   
Pedestrian is stopped. They have no body-language to indicate any movement.   2 lane road across.  Bike lane to right of car.  Business area.  Crossing lines in road.   Pedestrian is standing on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is quite some steps from road.   Pedestrian is to the right of car.   
He is walking toward the road from the right sidewalk. He is looking at the moving car.   He is close to the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
A person is walking towards the road.  They are on the right side of the road. They are on the sidewalk. They are far from our car. THey are on the right side of our car.  
the pedestrian is walking at an average pace to the left towards the road with the intention of crossing. however, given the speed of the driver, 37 miles per hour, and the proximity of the driver, it's unlikely the pedestrian would cross in front, but it's possible.  it's a two lane road with a wide shoulder on the road and a grass raised median separating from oncoming traffic. there are clear lane dividers, but no crosswalk, stop sign, or any sort intersection that would cause vehicles to slow.  pedestrian is about 10 feet to the right of the edge of the roadway. they are walking at an average pace towards the road.  the pedestrian is about 150 feet in front of the driver and approaching the driver's path.  
Pedestrian is male. He is walking slowly left.   Pedestrian has not yet entered the road. He is still 7-8 steps from entering right side of road. He is near grass.  He is to the right of driver. He is still 5 car lengths away. He is 1 car lengths to the right of driver.  
Pedestrian is walking slow. Two lane road. Bike lane to right of car. Passing lane. Pedestrian is on cross street. He is to the right of the road. Pedestrian is far from car. He is to the right to the car.  
Pedestrian is walking. Their speed is constant. One way road with two lanes and a bike lane on the right. They are on the sidewalk. They are on the right side of the road. The pedestrian is farther down the road from the car. The car is maintaining speed.  
Person is not moving.  No crosswalk in road. Person is not in road. Person is 6 steps from road. Person is far from driver.  
Pedestrian has his head down. He has slowed walking pace. Two lane, one way road.  Commercial area on right, field on left. No designated crosswalk area.    Pedestrian did not cross.  He stopped walking as car approached. Pedestrian on right side of road. Minimal traffic present.  
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  Body language indicates wants to cross after car.    Pedestrian is in bike path.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   
They are walking fast.  They are an older man. They are walking toward the street. They are looking at traffic.  They are on the road. THey are facing the road.  They are on the right side of the car.  They are too slow to cross in front of the car. 
the pedestrian is quickly walking towards the driver's lane and will eventually cross, but after the driver passes. given the speed and proximity of the driver, there's no way they could cross in front of the vehicle.   the pedestrian is stepping into the shoulder/bike path and is about six feet from the edge of the roadway.  the pedestrian is about 50 feet in front of the driver and about 6 feet from the driver's path. they are walking quickly towards the driver's path.  
Pedestrian maintained walking speed. Male.  Pedestrian is in the bike lane. Pedestrian is to the right of car. 
The pedestrian is an adult male. They see the car.  They are walking towards the road. They are getting close to the car. 
Man is walking fast. Man is old. Man is holding object. No crosswalk in road. Man is 1 step from bicycle lane. Man is moving straight across road. Man is 2 cars from driver. Man is slow relative to driver. 
They are not watching the car. Rural area. They are walking into the road from an adjacent road opening.  
Pedestrian is walking at an average speed. They are not looking at the car. They are walking straight. It is in a business area. There are parking lots on both sides of the road.   They are in the right side lane of the road. They are walking into the middle of the road.  They are very far from the car. There are other pedestrians in front of them. The car is maintaining speed and driving towards pedestrians.  
Man is walking quickly to cross. Shaded area. Campus area. Man is in middle of road walking quickly. He is far away ahead of car. Car should slow, but not stop. Man is far enough away to cross.
The person is walking fast to cross the road.  he is far from the car. he is on the road.  The car is slowing down for other pedestrians.  
They are taking big steps. They are moving quickly. They do not see the car. One way street They are in the road. They are crossing. They are in the middle of the road. They are far ahead of the car. They are about to cross into the car's lane. If you are going to cross, don't make the cars brake.
They are walking.  There is no crosswalk. There is a parking lot nearby.  They are on the road. They are crossing. They are walking to the left.  They are on the right. They are very far away.  since they are very far away and this car is allowing pedestrians to cross, there is enough time for them to safely cross. 
Pedestrian has long strides.  Pedestrian is walking briskly. One way road.  4 lane across.  Campus area.  Parking lot.   Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.  Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is in lane next to car.  Slow when pedestrians are in road/crossing.  
The person is walking slowly. The driver is in a college campus. The person is in the road. They are far from the curb. The person is far from the driver. The driver is maintaining speed. 
The pedestrian is in the center of the road.  He is walking straight across the road. The car is going a slow speed. The pedestrian is many feet in front of the car. 
Target is walking fast. It is a campus area. He is on the middle of road. Nothing is in his way. The car is far from him. A group of students crossing in front of car. Car has slowed down for them. Drivers yield to frequently crossing students in campus area.
    Yes the man crossed, but since the car was already stopped for a separate group. The car did not stop for this target.
They are walking straight at an average speed. They are not looking at the car.   They are in the middle lane of the road.  They are far from the car. They are crossing in front of the car. The car is maintaining speed.  
  They are now in the left side lane of the road. They have passed the middle lane of the road.  The car is maintaining speed. They are still far from the car. They have already passed in front of the car. The driving path is clear.  
Three men are walking quickly to cross. 4 lane road. Campus area. Sunny day. They are walking in the road. They are on the right of car walking towards the left. Car should slow and stop if people are in the middle of the road.
The three pedestrians are crossing the street.  They are several feet in front of the car. The car is turning to the left. The pedestrians will be walking in front of the car when it turns. 
They are running. There is no crosswalk.  They are crossing. They are on the road. They are crossing to the left.  They are on the right side of the road.  Since they are crossing and moving fast and there is no traffic, they should finish crossing.
Pedestrians are running.   One way road.  4 lanes across.  Campus area.   Pedestrians are in road.   Pedestrians are to right of car.  Car is turning left.  Slow when pedestrians are running and in road. 
The group of pedestrians are walking quickly across the street. They are looking at the car. They will cross.  It is in a business area. There are parking lots on both sides of the road.  They are in the middle of the road. They are actively crossing the road.  They are far from the car. They are directly in front of the car. The car is turning left and increasing speed.  
A group of students are walking. It is a campus area. They are spread from middle to the right side of the road. Car is taking a left turn. Car is moving slowly.  Cars yield to students in campus area.
They are jogging. They do not see the car.  They are in the road. They are crossing.  They are far ahead of the car. Car is moving slowly. 
The people are running. The driver is on a college campus. They are in the road. They are several feet from the curb. They are in front of the driver. 
The pedestrians are running across the road. They are young adults or teenagers. This is a 4 lane road. It is one way. It is a campus area. They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing the road. They are not close to the vehicle. The car isn't moving quickly. When pedestrians want to cross in front of a car, they will run. 
the target is walking fast.   they are walking on the road. they are right side of the car. the car is maintaining its speed. they are far from the car.  
Pedestrians maintain running speed.    Pedestrians are in middle of road.  Car is slowly increasing speed.  Pedestrians are in front of car.  
Pedestrian is walking slow. Their body is facing the opposite side of road. Two lane road. Cars parked on both side of street. Residential area. He is on left side of road. His walking path is left to right.  He is a lane away from a sidewalk. Car in front has break lights on. He is a car lane over from car. Car is slowing speed. He is on the left side of car.  
Pedestrian is on left side.    Traffic is slow 
person is standing. person is looking at car. car ahead is slowing down. no cars on the opposite lane. Person is on the other lane. person is far from this car but closer to the car ahead. 
The pedestrian is walking towards the driver's path from the left. It looks like they're on their phone. The traffic is slowing down, so the pedestrian could cross if it comes to a stop and there's a gap. Otherwise they're likely to wait for traffic to clear.  It's a narrow four-lane road with a row for parked cars on both sides of the street.  The pedestrian is in the left lane of oncoming traffic. They're slowly walking towards the center of the road.  The pedestrian is about 30 feet in front of the driver and about 15 feet from the left edge of the driver's path.  
There is a person walking. She is walking at a normal pace. She looks like she is in the working class. The location is an apartment setting. She is on the left side of the car. There is another car in front of the car. 
She is walking. She is faced to the right. Four lane road. Clear weather. Good road conditions. She is on the left side of the road. She is next to the black SUV. 
pedestrian is walking slow, middle age person, with bags in hands. two line road in both directions.  the pedestrian walks from left to the right, closer to the left sidewalk pedestrian is far from the car.  
They are walking slowly. They are being cautious.   They are crossing. They are in road.  They are moderately close to car. Car is moving very slow. In slow traffic, let people pass: you can't go anywhere anyways.
Target pedestrian walking normally.  Middle of road. Far from this vehicle. Close to other cars. Crosses when cars pass or stop.
He is walking. He is holding something  There is no crosswalk. It is a four lane road with parked cars on both sides.  He is in the road.  He is walking to the vehicle.  
Pedestrian is walking slowly. 2 lane road car side.  Parked cars.  Buildings/apartments both sides of street.  Pedestrian is in middle of lane.  Pedestrian in middle lane.  Pedestrian is close to parked car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian in middle lane oncoming traffic. 
Pedestrian has head turned towards car. They are maintaining slow walking speed.  Red traffic light ahead.  They are in the middle of the road now.  Car in front has come to stop. This car has come to a stop. About a car length of space between this car and car ahead. Pedestrian and car are close in distance.  
person is walking slowly.   person is in the middle of two lanes. person is closer to this car. if someone is in middle of road, they are likely to cross.
The pedestrian was hesitantly approaching the driver's lane, but as the traffic in the lane and the driver slowed, they suddenly sped up slightly in order to cross. They are looking directly at the driver.  They are about a step away from the center yellow lines of the road, walking towards the right.  They are about 10 feet in front of the driver and two steps to the left of the driver's path.  
  She has successfully crossed the road. She is now on the right side of the car.  
She crossed.  She is on right side of road. My car stopped. The pedestrian made contact. driver.
He is walking. He is looking at the traffic  He is in the road  He is in front of multiple vehicles  
Pedestrian increases walking speed.  Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is in front of car.   
The pedestrian is crossing the street. They are walking upright.  There are four lanes on this road. There is a crosswalk in front of this car.  This car has a green light.  They are in the middle of the road.  They are close to this car. This car is turning onto the road they are crossing.  The pedestrian is close to the intersection. They can see the car has a green light to turn. The pedestrian should wait for the car to pass.
They are a young male. They are walking at a slow pace. there is a crosswalk They are about 5 meters from the left curve. they are about 1o meters from the car on the left side. 
The person walks at a casual pace. This is a campus. The person is near the middle of the road. They are walking to the right side of the road. They are a fair distance from this car. They are walking towards this car's direction. 
The target is walking diagonally. It is a campus area. There is a crosswalk. Traffic light is green for car. It is an intersection. He is on other side of road.  The car is taking a right turn. So it is moving slow. It should yield to the target. In campus area, cars are careful of frequently crossing students. 
They are walking quickly.  There is a crosswalk. This is a campus area. There is a parking lot. There is street parking. The light is green. The pedestrian crossing sign is white.  They are on the road. They are walking towards this car.  They are 70 feet away. There is a bicycle rider. Whether they cross will be up to the discretion of the driver. 
Man is walking quickly to cross. Campus area, 4 lanes of two-way traffic. There is a crosswalk. He is in the middle of the road. He is far away on the left of car. There is another man trying to cross. He will likely cross if he does.
Person is walking normal speed Driver is on campus. Driver is at a crosswalk. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 5 steps on the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is in front of driver. Person is 15 meters from driver. 
Person is walking slowly.  Crosswalk in road. Driver is on campus. Person is walking diagonally in road. Person is in oncoming lane. Person is 5 steps from curb. Person is 15 steps from driver. Person is moving same speed as driver. Person is 15 steps from cyclist. 
A student is walking into the road. There is a crosswalk. We have the green light.  We are on a college campus. They are walking into the road.  They are on the left side of the road.  They are a distance from our car.  They will be on our left once we turn. Students may randomly cross on a college campus.  
Man is standing with intent to cross. There is a crosswalk. Campus area. He is in the middle of the road. He is on the left side of the car up ahead. Car should slow and yield to people on campus area.
Adult Male. Pedestrian is steadily walking. They are facing towards the right side of road.  They are in a campus area. They are near a parking lot. There is a stop light. There is a cross walk. Pedestrian is walking in the middle of the road. They have walked half of the road.  Pedestrian is 15 feet away from other pedestrian in the road. They are 10 feet away from the right side curb of road. Pedestrian is 45 feet away from vehicle. 
The pedestrian is an adult male. He is walking quickly.  He has turned his body to walk parallel to the road. He is in the middle of the road. He is not walking across the driving path. He is closer to this car. The pedestrian starts to walk parallel to the coming traffic. This shows that he intends to let the car pass before he crosses.
They are a young male. They are walking at a rapid pace. the driver is on campus. there is a crosswalk. They are 2 meters from the left curve. They are 8 meters from the car. They are on the left side of the car. 
The person changes speed. They seem to walk confidently. Their clothes seem to suggest that they are a professional person.  They are in the middle of the road. They are walking to the right. They are walking towards the general direction of this car. They are in front of this car. 
The target is still far from the car's path.   He is walking along the road near crosswalk. Car took a right turn and accelerating. No one is in car's path. 
They are male.   They are walking on the road towards the crosswalk. They are crossing to the right.  They are 40 feet away. Since this car did not slow down, and they want to cross behind this car, they will cross behind this car. 
  Person is on the road. Person is two lanes from the right side of the road. Person will cross to the right side of the road.  Person is left of driver. Person is 20 meters from driver. 
A student is walking into the road.  They are not slowing down. There is a crosswalk. We have a green light. We are on a college campus. They are on the left side of the road. They are in the road.  Once we turn, they will be on the left side of our car.  They are a distance from our car. Pedestrians may randomly cross on a college campus. 
Man turns body and walks quickly.  Man is walking down middle of road. Man is walking close to the left of car. Man is walking toward crosswalk and no longer positioned toward driving lane.
A young man is walking. He is crossing the road. He is a student.  They are in the middle of the road. They are walking down the road. They will eventually cross to the right side of the road.  They are near our car. They are on the left side of our car.  We are moving slow.  
    Since the car turned, the pedestrian briefly crossed in front of this car. 
Man is walking slowly away.   Man is to the left of car. Man will not cross in front of car in driving lane.
The woman is walking to the right very quickly and confidently towards the opposite side of the road. She is either ignoring or oblivious to the driver. She intends to cross in front.   She is on the left side of the road just past the parked cars and is walking to the right across the road.  She is about 30 feet in front of the driver and quickly approaching the driver's path.  
There is a lady walking at a normal pace. She looks like a parent. The location looks like a neighborhood. There is street parking on both sides of the car. She is walking on the left side of the road. She is already on the road.  
the person is female, middle age, with bag in hand, walking slow.  she is close the the left sidewalk she is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
Pedestrian is walking. Appears to be a middle aged woman.   She is on the left side of the road. She is walking to the right. She will cross the road  Pedestrian is in front of and to the left of vehicle. She is approaching the path of vehicle  
pedestrian is walking on left side.    car is moving slowly. 
They are walking briskly. They are not looking at car. Apartments They are in road. They are crossing. They are moderately close to car. Car is moving slowly. 
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  Pedestrian does not see car.  Residential area. Parked cars.  2 lane road. Pedestrian is a few feet into road.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is behind parked vehicle. 
Pedestrian will keep same speed. She is faced toward the right.  Narrow road. No road markings. City area. Clear weather. Fair road condition. She is on the left of road. Walking toward the right side. She is to the left of the car. 
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed. She is looking down. Her body is facing opposite side of road. Narrow road.  She is walking from left side of road. She will cross from left to right. She's about five steps off the sidewalk. Parked cars on both side of street. Car is maintaining speed. Car and pedestrian are close in distance.  
Pedestrian is walking slowly. road is narrow. she is on the left side of the road.
 she is near the car. The car is slowing down. 
The lady looks older.    
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian does not acknowledge car. Pedestrian is carrying coffee. Parking lot. Pedestrian is in middle of lane.   Pedestrian is in front of car.   
She continued walking looking ahead. Driver slowed down. Neighborhood area. She is near middle of road. Driver slows car while taking a turn. 
They are walking. They are faced forward. Urban area. No road markings. Sidewalk. They are on the left side of the road. They are to the left of the car. 
Pedestrians are two adults and one child. Pedestrians are facing away from car. Pedestrians show no intent to cross road.  road is not well marked. road is in campus area.  pedestrians are walking on sidewalk. pedestrians are walking parallel to the road.  Pedestrian trajectory is parallel to car's trajectory. car is traveling slowly. Pedestrians are traveling in same direction of car.  campus areas have high pedestrian traffic. 
They are walking ahead on the left sidewalk.  There is a traffic cone on the road.  They are not on the road.  They are close to my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking away from driver.  Person is left of the driver. Person is 25 meters from the driver. Person is 10 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrians are female. They are walking at a normal pace. They don't notice the vehicle. Crosswalk. Object in road They are walking along the road. They are on other side of road than the vehicle. 
Targets are walking. Construction.  Targets are on the left sidewalk. Targets are walking down the sidewalk. Targets are to the left of all road users. 
The pedestrians are walking down the road. They are on the sidewalk. The car is on a city road. There is construction nearby. They are to the left of the road They are closely ahead of the car. They are on the left side of the car. 
People are walking normally. They are women. They are young. Road has 2 lanes. Road has cone in it. Road is near downtown area. They are near road. They are left of road. They are near car. They are left of car. 
They are walking parallel to the road on the opposite side.  They entering a sidewalk.  
They are walking. They are faced away from the car.   They are on the crosswalk. They are to the left of the road.  They are to the left of the car.  
Pedestrian is adult. Pedestrian has turned to face traffic. Pedestrian appears to be ready to cross road.  Pedestrian is walking on campus area.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk. Pedestrian is stepping off sidewalk into street.  pedestrian is crossing from right hand sidewalk to lefthand sidewalk. Pedestrian is far from vehicle.  Campus areas have high pedestrian traffic. Pedestrians in campus areas are distracted. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced away from car. Two lane road without markings. Pedestrian is on left side of road. Pedestrian is to the left of car. 
Person is walking slowly.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of driver. Person is 30 meters from driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
The pedestrian turns towards the street. The car is on a city road The pedestrian is in the oncoming lane. They are walking from the left. They are closely ahead of the car. 
They are walking on the left sidewalk. They are walking in the same direction as my car.   They are close to the road.  They are far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
There is a man walking. He is looking at the car. He is turning his body to cross.   He is in the crosswalk. He is to the left of the road.  He is in front of this car. He is to the left of this car.  
They turned to cross.    
People are not walking.  Road has 2 lanes. Road is near downtown area.  They are near the road. They are left of road. They are on sidewalk. They are far from car. They are left of car. 
Target is walking. Target is male. Construction.  Target is left of road. Target is walking on left sidewalk.  Target is left of driver.  Target is facing towards road, and may intend to cross but does not have clear intention to cross. 
Pedestrian stopped too look for vehicles.  Pedestrian on the sidewalk. Not moving towards vehicle. 
Pedestrian sees car. Pedestrian is stopping to allow car to pass.    Car is very close to Pedestrian.  
He starts to walk to the right side of road. He is walking slowly  He is on the left side of road. He is to the left of the car. Car is maintaining speed. 
  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 3 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of driver. Person is 15 meters from driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
The pedestrian is standing and waiting.   They are closely to the left of the car. Making eye contact to signal intent.
He is now standing in the road.   He is in the road.  The car is going too fast for him to cross.  
They are walking slowly.  They turn to check the road. They slow and do not cross. 
Person is male. They are walking normally.   They are on road. They are in left lane. They are near the car. 
He starts to walk to the right side of road. He is walking slowly  He is on the left side of road. He is to the left of the car. 
   The people are close to this car. This car is moving quickly. 
The people are stopped.    
They are walking. They are moving quickly. They are looking at the car. One way road. They are in the middle of road. They are going directly across. They are far ahead of the car. They are far ahead of other cars. Pedestrians have right of way.
The target is walking fast.  traffic signal area The target is on the road. The car is maintaining its speed. 
They are moving fast. They are jogging. This is a three-lane, one-way road. There is no crosswalk.  They are on the road. They are crossing. They are crossing to the right.  They are 300 feet away. They are on the left. Since they are crossing and traffic is moving but is far away, they should finish crossing.
People are crossing quickly. Wide road. Campus area. People are in road crossing street. People are far away from car on the left. People should not cross without crosswalk. Car should slow for people.
The group of pedestrians is running across the street.  Their path will be in front of the car. All the vehicles on the road are speeding up because the traffic lights turned green. 
Pedestrians are walking slowly.  No crosswalk in road. Pedestrians are in middle of road. Pedestrians are walking straight across road. Pedestrians are far from driver. Pedestrians will fully cross road because no cars are near them.
Pedestrians are walking.  Traffic light.  Bike lane to right of car.  Bike sign.  One way road.  3 lanes across.  Downtown area.   Pedestrians are in road.  Pedestrians in far left lane.   Pedestrians are to left of car.  
They are a young female. they are walking at a rapid pace. They are in a 4 lane street. They are on the left side of the road. they are 2 meters from the curve. they are about 20 meters from the car on the left side. 
The pedestrian is in the road. There are three lanes. It is a one-way street. The vehicles are passing under the green light. The pedestrian seems to be in the road. The pedestrian is far from this car. The other cars are going faster toward the pedestrian. The pedestrian is in their driving path. They are to the left of this car. The pedestrian may try to cross because the cars are far away.
The person is running across the road.  They are on the left side of the road. They are traveling to the right sidewalk. They are far from any cars. The cars are going slowly. It is likely the person will cross. 
Adult males. They are facing towards the road. They are facing perpendicular of the road. They are walking. They are downtown. There is a park. There is a parking lot. They are standing in the middle of the road. They are 25 feet away from right side of road. They are 10 feet away from left side of road. They are 40 feet away from vehicle. They are 30 feet away from vehicles on the left side of the vehicle. 
The pedestrian is walking quickly with a group of pedestrians. They are looking at the car. They are actively crossing.  It is in a city area.  They are in the middle of the road. They are walking across the road. They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. They are close to the other pedestrians. There is another car ahead. It is maintaining speed. The pedestrian is not in the car's way.  
The students are running across the street. They are young adults. It is dusk.  They are running into the road. They are on the left side of the street. They are crossing to the right side of the road.  They are a distance from the oncoming traffic. They are far from our car. They are on the left side of our car. If cars are far away and people are young, sometimes they'll run across the road because they can make it. 
The people are walking slowly. The driver is on a college campus. They are in the road. They are several feet from the curb. They are in front of the driver. 
Group is walking quickly to cross. campus area.  They are walking in the road. They are far ahead in front of car. Car should slow when people are in road.
They are moving fast. They are in a group. This is a three-lane road. There is a bicycle lane. There is no crosswalk.  They are on the road. They are moving to the right. They are on the left. They are very far away. Since they are crossing and traffic is far away, they will continue crossing.
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is on a one way road. There is a one way road sign. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 5 steps on the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of driver. Person is far from driver. 
The pedestrian is walking quickly across the street. They are looking at the car. They will continue to cross.  It is in a city area. It is driving though an intersection.  They are in the middle of the road. They are walking into the road.  They are very far from the car. They are in front of the car. There are other cars ahead and are maintaining speed. They are far from those cars. My car is increasing speed.  There are a lot of people present, drivers are more cautious.
Pedestrians begin running.   Sidewalks both sides.   Pedestrians are in middle of road.  Pedestrians are slightly left of car.  
 There seems to be a large social gathering on the right. The person is on the right side of the road, next to the bike lane. The person is in front of this car. They are a fair distance from this car. 
Woman is walking quickly to cross. Multiple lane city campus road. She is in the middle of the road on the left. She is walking a group to the right. Car should yield to people in their lane. People should not cross busy lanes of traffic without a crosswalk.
Adult Male. Pedestrian is facing the right side of road. They are facing parallel of the driver. Their body language is indicating they are going to continue crossing the road.  They are near a park. They are near the city. They are standing in the middle of the road. They have walked half of the road. They 10 feet away from the curb on the right side of the road. Pedestrian is 30 feet away from vehicle. They 25 feet away from vehicle in the left lane of the road. 
The person is walking slowly. The driver is at a college campus. The person is in the road. They are several feet from the curb. Person is in front of the driver. They are not in the driver's lane. There are other people in front of them.  
Pedestrian is running.  Driver assumes pedestrian is a student. Driver is on campus. Pedestrian is approximately 3 car lengths in front of driver.  Pedestrian is crossing to the right side of the road.   Gray car is to the left of driver.  Driver is in the right lane next to the curb. 
They are walking. They are with a group. They are crossing. This is a three-lane, one-way road. There is no crosswalk. They are on the road. They are in the middle of the road. They are walking to the right. They are 200 feet away. They are on the left. Since they are on the road with a group, they will finish crossing with the group.
They are moving slowly. They are not looking at car. They are not looking at traffic. One way road. They are in road. They are in middle of road. They are crossing. They are moderately ahead of car. Other cars are approaching. Car is accelerating. Other cars are accelerating. She is in the path of other cars. 
The pedestrian is moving across the road. They are straight. They are moving quickly. There are three or four traffic lanes. There are sidewalks on both sides of the road. They are in the middle lane of the road. They are walking across the lanes. The cars to the left of this car are slowing down. They are closer to the pedestrians this car. The pedestrian is in the road while oncoming traffic is approaching. They are not at a cross walk. Cars are coming in several lanes. They should quickly cross.
They are a young male. they are crossing at a rapid pace. The driver is on a city road. They are in the middle of the road. they are 10 meters from the curb. They are 20 meters from the car. They are on the left side of the car  
A woman is crossing the road. She is with a group. She is walking at a steady pace.  It is dusk.  She is in the middle lane of traffic. She is crossing to the right side of the road.  She is far from our car. She is on the left side of our car.   When people are crossing in groups when one crosses they will all cross usually. It's called group think. 
Person is walking slowly.  No crosswalk in road. Driver is near parking lot. Road is wide. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is far from driver. Person is 2 steps from person B. Person is crossing with a group and driver will yield if they are not finished crossing the road.
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  one way road.  bike lane.  Sidewalks.   Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is in lane next to car.  Pedestrian is left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  
Person is walking quickly.  Person is in the middle of the road. Person is 2 lanes from the right side of the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 50 meters from driver. 
This person is running across the road.  This person is in the center lane of traffic. This person is to the left of this car. They are far away from this car. 
The pedestrian is in the center of the road. He is walking.  He will cross right in front of the car. The car is going a moderate speed. The other car is going a moderate speed. 
Woman is walking slowly. Campus area. cloudy day. She is walking in the road towards sidewalk. She is walking behind people. She is left of car. Car should slow when people are in road. 
The pedestrian is walking.   The pedestrian is in the middle of the road.  The pedestrian is crossing to the right.  The pedestrian is in a group. The pedestrian is 100 feet away. 
They are walking. They are crossing. This is a three-lane, one-way road. There is a bike lane. There is no crosswalk. They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing to the right. They are far ahead. They are already crossing, they will continue to cross.
the person is walking fast.   the person is left side of the road. he is on the road.  the car is maintaining its speed. the person is far from the car.  
The person is running.  The person is in the road. They are several feet from the curb. The person is in front of the driver. They are in the driver's lane. 
Pedestrian begins jogging.  Pedestrian sees car.   Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian in car lane.  Pedestrian is close to car.  
They start to move faster as this car approaches.  They are on the right-most lane of the road. They are moving to the right sidewalk. They are in front of this car. This car is going at a moderate speed. 
They are standing. They are watching. The traffic light is green. There is a crosswalk. They are on the sidewalk. They are facing the left.  They are on the right.  Since the traffic light is green, the crossing sign should be red. Pedestrians are expected to follow legal rules of crossing. They should cross when the crossing sign is white.
A couple is approaching the street. They are standing.  They are waiting.  They are a middle-aged couple. They went to a party.  They are facing the road. There is a crosswalk.  We have the green light.  They are on the right side of the road. They intend to cross to the left side of the road.  There is another car going the same direction as us.  The people are on the right side of our car. They are a distance from our car. When cars have the green light, people usually wait.  They will get a turn to cross.
Three people standing waiting to cross. Traffic light is green. Three people on the curb right of road. Three people up ahead on the right on curb. Car has green light and right of way. People should wait for crossing signal.
They are standing still. They have hands down. They are looking at traffic. They are looking at car. crosswalk. Crosswalk signal does not allow crossing on green light. They are on sidewalk. They are near road. They are not in road. They are near the path of the car. They are near other cars. Other cars are quickly accelerating. 
Pedestrians standing still.   Green traffic light.  bike lane.  One way road.  Crosswalk.  Downtown area.   Pedestrians to right of road.   Pedestrians to right of car.   
The pedestrians are having a conversation. They are not all facing the street they want to cross. The traffic lights are green for the direction of the car. The pedestrians are about 20 feet in front of the car. This vehicle is driving slowly. 
The target is on the side walk.  signal area They are right side of the road. The car is maintaining its speed. another car is on the left side of the car.  
The pedestrians are standing straight. They look like adult males and females. This is a three lane street. It is a one way. The traffic light is green. They are standing on the sidewalk. They are facing the road the car is driving on. They are close to this car. Other cars are moving faster than this car. They are in the lanes to the left of this car. 
Two people standing still waiting to cross. Green traffic light. Dusk. Clear road. They are on the sidewalk to the right of road. They are to the right of car. They will wait for crossing light.
Pedestrians are standing still. Pedestrians are older. Crosswalk in road. Traffic signal is green. Driver is near parking lot. Pedestrians are facing straight across road. Pedestrians are 1 step from road. Pedestrians are 2 car lenghts from driver. Pedestrians are 8 steps from person. 
The people are standing still. Their hands are in their pockets. They seem relaxed.  They are on the sidewalk. They are near the right side of the road. The people are to the right of this car. This car is already moving. 
There is two pedestrians. They are an adult male and adult female. They are standing. They are facing the road. They are facing perpendicular of the vehicle. There is a crosswalk. There is a stop light. There is a park. They are downtown.  They are 2 feet away from the road. They are one foot away from the curb. They are on the right side of vehicle. They are  30 feet away from vehicle. They are 35 feet away from vehicles in the left lane. 
Person is standing. Driver is at a stop light. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is one step from the road. Person will cross to the left side of the road. Person is right of driver. Person is 20 meters from driver. 
The pedestrians are stopped on the sidewalk. They are looking at the car. They will not cross.  It is driving through an intersection. There is a traffic light ahead. There is a crosswalk to the right.  They are on the right side of the road on the sidewalk. They are facing the road.  They are close to the car. They are in front and to the right of the car. The other car is driving through the intersection. The car is maintaining speed.  
They are standing. The traffic light is green. They are on the sidewalk. They are facing the road. They are on the right. They are 60 feet away.  Since the traffic light is green, pedestrians do not have the right of way so they will not cross. 
They are a young male. They are standing. The driver is in an urban area. They are on the right side of the road. 
They are a step from the curb. 
 They are to the right of the car.
 They are about meters from the car.
 
The people are stopped. The driver is at a college campus. They are on the sidewalk. They are at a crosswalk. They are next to the road. They are in front of the driver. 
a group of students quickly walking toward the curb.   They are in the road. They are approaching the curb on the left. They are right in front of the car.  Eye contact with pedestrians to confirm intent.
They are walking in the middle of the road. They are looking at my car and behind.   They are already in the road.  They are very close to my car. My car is slowing down due to the traffic ahead.  
  They are in middle of road. They are ahead of the car. Car slows down for the pedestrians.
They crossed in front of the car. Cars stopped ahead. They are on the left side of the road. They are to the left of the car. 
They are walking. They are crossing. There is no crosswalk. There is street parking. They are in the middle of the road. They are crossing to the right.  They are 80 feet away. 
The pedestrian is walking at a normal pace to cross the street. This is a two lane street. There are cars parked along each side. The pedestrian is in the middle of the road.  They are not close to this car. There is a car turning behind them. It is going in the opposite direction. 
Person is walking slowly. No crosswalk in road. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 6 steps from car. Person is moving slowly. 
A man is walking into the road.  It is cloudy. He is on the left side of the road. He is crossing to the right side.  He is on the left side of our car. He is far from our car. Our car is moving slow.  
They are a young male. They are walking at a rapid pace. There is a double yellow line. They are in the middle of the road. they are 5 meters from the curb.  They are 20 meters from the car. they are on the left side of the car. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is in the middle of the road. Person is one lane from the right side of the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of driver. Person is 30 meters from driver. 
Man is walking slowly to cross. City street. Two-way traffic. He is in the middle of the road. He is on the left of this car. The car should allow man to cross. It is more dangerous to stand in the middle of the road.
The person is walking at a fair speed.  They are walking to the right. They are in the middle of the road. This car is turning. The person is a fair distance from this car. The person is to the right of this car. 
Adult male. They are standing. They are facing the road. They are facing perpendicular of the driver. There are businesses. There is a parking lot. The weather is cloudy. They are in the middle of the road. They are 15 feet away from the right side of the road. They are 35 feet away from vehicle. They are on the left side of driver. They are 15 feet away from parked cars on left and right sides of the road. 
  The person is in the right lane. The person is directly in front of this car. This car is going slowly. 
This is an older person. They walk with a walker. They walk slowly. This is a parking lot. The person is on the left-most lane. They are walking up the road. They are surrounded by other people. They are to the left of this car. 
Two elderly people are walking slowly. Parking lot on clear day. Two people are in road on left side. Two people are walking near parked cars. Car should yield to people in parking lot.
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Pedestrians are old. No crosswalk. Driver is in parking lot. Pedestrians are 1 step into road. Pedestrians are facing across road. Pedestrians are 3 steps from person. 
There are two pedestrian. They are both elderly women. They are facing towards the road and the left side of the parked cars. They are walking slowly. There is a parking lot. The weather is cloudy. There is a restaurant entrance. They are one foot away from the left side curb. They are 2 feet in the road. They are on the left side of the road.  They are on the left side of the vehicle. They are 35 feet away from the vehicle. They are 8 feet away from another pedestrian.  They are 5 feet away from the parked cars on the left side of the parking lot. 
Person is walking slowly. Person is old. Driver is in a parking lot. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 3 steps from the road. Person is walking towards the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 25 meters from the driver. 
A very elderly woman is walking into the road. She is using a walker. She cannot walk fast. We are in a Culver's parking lot.   She is on the left side of the road.  She is probably walking along the road to handicap parking. She is near the parked cars.  She is on the left side of our car. She is far from our car. Old people with a walker usually park in Handicap parking near the building. 
They are walking slowly. They are elderly. They are using a walker.  This is a restaurant parking lot. There is no crosswalk.  They are on the road. They are walking towards a vehicle. They are 60 feet away. They are on the left.  Crossing is implied. 
They are a middle-aged female. They are walking at a slow pace.  The driver is in a parking lot. They are on the left side of the road. 
They are a step from the curb. 
 They are to the left of the car.
They are about meters from the car.
 
There are two older pedestrians. They are slightly bent forward. This is a parking lot. It is in a commercial area. They have not entered the road completely. They are walking toward it. Another pedestrian is passing them. She is going toward the building. There are parked cars on each side of them. There are parked cars across the road from them. Driver's let pedestrians pass to their cars in parking lots.
  The person is walking on the left side of the road. They are walking straight forward with no obvious intent to cross.  
Two people walking away.  Two people walking along parked cars.  People turn away from car towards parked cars will not pass.
Pedestrians are walking slowly.  Pedestrians are 2 steps from sidewalk. Pedestrians are walking on side of road. Pedestrians are 1 car length from driver. 
  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 1 step on the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking away from the driver. Person is left of driver. Person is 15 meters from driver. 
They are walking slowly. They are not looking.   They are walking along the road.  They are behind a parked vehicle.  Since they are walking towards a vehicle and they are not looking, they are crossing freely. 
One of the two pedestrians is using a walker.   They both have turned to walk parallel to the road. They are no longer facing the road as if to cross. The car is closer to them. 
She is pushing shopping cart. Her body is facing shopping cart return area. She is walking slowly. Store area. Car is in parking lot. Wide lanes. Pedestrian is on right side of road. She is a foot into road from her parked car.  She is on right side of car. Car and pedestrian are close in distance. Car is driving slow.  
person is pushing a cart. person walking.   person is on right side of road. person is near her parked car. person is near this car. car is driving slow. 
Pedestrian is a woman. She is pushing a shopping cart. She is walking.  Vehicle is in a parking lot  Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. She is walking toward the center of the road.  She is in front of and to the right of vehicle  Go slow and yield in parking lots 
Pedestrian is pushing grocery cart.  Pedestrian is walking slowly. Parking lot.  Costco storefront.   Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is in parking space.  Pedestrian is behind parked vehicle.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.   
They do not see car. They are moving slowly. They are a shopper.  They are walking into road. They are in road. They are close to car. Car is moving slowly. 
A woman is pushing a shopping cart away from her car in the parking lot. She is stepping slowly away from her car.  There are no road markings, only parking space markings. It's a large parking lot for Costco.  She is walking towards the left at an angle towards the roadway, very slowly. She is a couple feet away from the roadway. She is about 10 feet in front of the driver and about three feet to the right of the driver's pathway.  Vehicles usually yield to pedestrian traffic in large parking lots like this at grocery stores. 
Pedestrian is walking. Parking lot. She is on right side of road. She is to the right of the car. 
There is a lady walking at a slow pace. She looks like a parent. She is pushing a cart The location is a Costco wholesale parking lot.  She is on the right side of the car. There is a man walking in the middle of the road. There is another person walking on the left side of the car. The car is supposed to give way to the pedestrians.
The person is looking the car. Parking lot. He is on the parking lot. he is far away from the car. The pedestrian1 and pedestrian2 are in the car's way.  Slow driving in the parking lot.
Pedestrian is walking slowly.  distance between car and person is less.  
the person is pushing the cart near cart parking. it is a parking lot she is on the parking lot, near cart parking. she is close to the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way. slow driving on the parking lot.
person is looking at car.     
They looked at car then turned away. They do not care about the car.  They are walking along road. They are close to car. Car is moving slowly. 
She had turned and started facing the roadway, but saw the diver and abruptly turned back away from the roadway. She is looking at the driver.   She is a couple feet to the right of the roadway and turned to walk parallel to the roadway.  She is about six feet in front of the driver and several feet to the right of the driver's pathway.  
She saw car and started walking parallel of car.    
The man is walking down the middle of the road, but is angled slightly towards the left away from the driver's path. He is coming from the shopping cart corral and is likely walking back to his car.  It's a large parking area for a costco. There are no street markings, but there are parking spot lines. There is a shopping cart corral on the right.  They are in the middle of the road, walking slowly slightly an angle towards the left. They are about 40 feet in front of the driver walking away from the driver.  Vehicles will usually yield for pedestrians walking through a large parking lot at a store. 
The person is walking slowly. He is an elder. the road is wide. this is in a parking space. He is in the middle of the road. He is far from this car. He is in the cars way. He is heading towards the parked cars. The car is moving slowly for another person on right. When there is elders on the road, they are typically slow. The driver needs to be careful. 
pedestrian is walking in the middle of road.     
There is a man walking at a normal pace. He looks like he is in his 40s. The location is a Costco wholesale parking lot. He is walking in the middle of the road.  He is in front of the car. The car is supposed to give way to the pedestrians.
He is walking  In a parking lot  He is in the road  He is walking away from the path of the car.  
He is standing. His back is turned towards car.  Store parking lot.  He is in the middle of road.  There are no other cars around. Car is going slow. Car and pedestrian are 20 ft in distance.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   Costco storefront.  Parking lot.  Cloudy. Pedestrian is in middle of road.   Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  
He is walking. He is faced foward.  He is in the middle of the road. He is far from the car. 
They are walking slowly. They are not looking at car.  They are crossing. They are in middle of road.  They are moderately far from car. Car is moving slowly. 
he is in front of the car, far away, walking slow, middle age male.  it is parking lot. he is between two parking rows. he is far from the car. slow driving on the parking lot
pedestrian is walking on left side of road.     
  He is in the middle of the road. His intentions on crossing the road are not clear.  
He is walking  In a parking lot  He is out of the road. He is between parked cars.  He is not in front of the vehicle  
   Car is driving on right side of road. Pedestrian is on left side of road. Car and pedestrians paths do not cross.  
He crossed. Driver slowed down for pedestrian. He is on the left side of the road. He is next to the silver car. 
Video assumption is incorrect he is crossing immediately    
He is walking slowly. His body is angled towards parked cars on opposite side.   He is walking from right to left side of road.  Car is maintaining slow speed. Car is driving in middle of lane. There is another pedestrian on right side of car.  
He crossed before the car got there.    
Target pedestrian walking slowly. Grocery store parking lot. Side of road, facing foward. Far from this vehicle. Walking on side of road.
pedestrian is standing.  pedestrian is in parking lot. pedestrian is in a parking lot. pedestrian is near the road. pedestrian is far from the driver. pedestrian is not moving.  
Pedestrain is walking. She is faced forward. Two way. No markings. Parking lot. Cloudy weather. Good road conditions. She is on the left side of road. She is next to blue car. 
Their body is facing forward. They are walking slowly.  Parking lot area.  They are on the left side of road. They are walking parallel to road along parked cars.  Car is driving slowly. Pedestrian on right side returning cart.   
Pedestrian is standing at left side of road.  THis is a parking lot.  Pedestrian is on other side of road car is driving slow.  
There is a person walking at a normal pace. The location is a Costco wholesale parking lot. She is walking straight. She is on the left side of the road. She doesn't look like she wants to cross the road There is another person walking in the middle of the road. Cars are supposed to give way to the pedestrians.
Pedestrian is standing still.  Costco storefront.  Parking lot.  Cloudy. Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is in parking space. Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is behind parked vehicle.  extra precaution in costco parking lot.  Pedestrians walk in front and come from parked cars and don't pay attention.
Pedestrian is standing still. They are not moving. They are not looking at the car. parking lot They are on the edge of the road. They are not moving. They are in the road. They are moderately ahead of car. Car is moving very slowly. they are to the left of car. Lady is very close to car. Man is walking. Man is ahead of the car. man is in car's way. 
The person is standing along the edge of the road next to the row of parked cars. There are several other pedestrians in the area causing the driver to stop or go slowly, so the person could cross, but they may also just walk along the left edge of the parking row.  It's a large parking lot at a costco. There is a shopping cart corral to the right.  They are on the left edge of the row of parked cars.  They are about 50 feet in front of the driver and about 10 feet to the left of the driver's path.  Drivers will usually yield to pedestrians, especially pedestrians with carts, in large store parking lots like this, even if it's not at a crosswalk or stop sign. 
Target pedestrian walking slowly. It is a parking lot. Crosses road in the middle. Close to this vehicle. Driver slows down for pedestrian.
she is a female. she is in her mid forties, she is walking with a person, she is walking at a regular speed    
She is still crossing.    Driver reduced speed.
They are maintaining slow walking speed.  Their body is facing opposite side of road. They did not look.  They are walking from left to right side of road. They are about 4 ft into road.  Car is maintaining slow speed. Car and pedestrians are near each other.  
pedestrian is walking at the center of the road.     
There are two people.   They are in the middle of the road.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   Pedestrian is a few feet into the road.   Pedestrian is slightly left of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.   
They are walking slowly. They do not see the car. They are ignoring the car.  They are crossing. They are in the middle of the road. They are ahead of the car. They are in the car's way. They are moderately ahead of the car. Car is moving extremely slowly. 
The person started walking to the right into the roadway. They're walking to the right but angled forward as well. They're no longer looking in the driver's direction and most likely will cross although it may be at an angle.   They are in the middle of the left lane of the roadway and walking at angle forward and to the right.  They are about 40 feet in front of the driver and just to the left of the driver's path.  
The pedestrian is walking slow, female, older person.  Parking lot. She is in the parking lot. She is close to the car. Slow driving on the parking lot.
Pedestrians are two older women. They are walking slowly Pedestrians are in a parking lot  Pedestrians are in the middle of the road. They are walking with traffic.  Pedestrians are in front of vehicle  Yield to pedestrians in the parking lot 
  They are now on the right side of the car.  
  They are now on the right side of the road.  
Person is standing still. Person shifted like ready to walk. Crosswalk in road. Driver is downtown. Person is 1 step from road. Person is looking straight across road. Person is 2 car lengths from driver. Person is 6 steps from car. 
Pedestrians were walking fast. They are now stopped. No lanes. Crosswalk. Businesses.  They are entering road. They are ahead of the car. Car is moving slowly. Other car is moving slowly. Yield to pedestrians especially if it does not impede traffic.
Pedestrian is walking and slowing down. They are looking at the car. They may cross.  It is in a roundabout in a city area. There is a crosswalk ahead.  They are on the right side of the road. They are walking towards the road.  They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. There is another car close to the pedestrian. They are maintaining speed.  
The person seems to be walking at a slow pace.  The person is on the sidewalk. They intend to walk across the street. They are close to this car. They are to the left of this car. 
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is at crosswalk. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 1 step from the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 20 meters from the driver. Person has no crosswalk sign.
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. He is not looking at the car.  It is in a roundabout in the city. There is a crosswalk in front of the car.  He is on the right side of the road. He is walking towards the road.  He is close to the car. The car is slowing down for other pedestrians who are crossing. He is behind the other pedestrians. He is not that close to them.  
Pedestrian walking extremely slow. Downtown area.  Parked cars.  Crosswalk.   Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is a little ahead of car.  Pedestrian is next to vehicle. Pedestrian in front of parked car.  
They are stepping slowly. They are with a group. There is no crossing sign. There is a crosswalk. This is downtown. This is a high foot-traffic area.  They are facing the road. They are approaching the crosswalk. They are on the right. They are 60 feet ahead.  Since there is no crossing sign, cars slow down to let pedestrians cross.
This person is distracted and walking slowly.  They are on the right sidewalk and plans to cross the road. They are moving left. They are to the left of this car. This car is stopped for a group of people. They are to the left of the people. 
Person is standing still wanting to cross. Car is approaching a crosswalk in a busy city area. Person is on right sidewalk near road. Person is near a man. They are up ahead to the right of car. Car should yield to people at crosswalk.
Man is walking slowly. Downtown city area. Crosswalk. He is walking towards road from sidewalk on right. He is on the right of car. Car should slow or stop for crosswalk.
The pedestrian is walking towards a crosswalk.  They will be walking right in front of the car. The car is going slowly. 
The person is walking slowly. The driver is in a city.  The person is on the sidewalk. They are next to the street. The person is near parked cars. They are near the driver. The driver is reducing speed. 
They are a young male. They are walking at a rapid pace. The driver is in a city area. They are on the right side of the road. 
They are on the curb. 
 They are to the left of the car.
They are about 5 meters from the car.
 
A woman is walking toward the street. She is a tourist.  She is middle aged. She is facing the road. There are many crosswalks. She is on the right side of the road. She is standing in the road.  She is near slow moving traffic. She is far from our car. She is on the right side of our car. Go slow near tourist attractions. People will cross in front of you.
They are standing. They are female. They are looking for traffic. There is a crosswalk. This is a high pedestrian traffic area.  They are on the sidewalk. They are facing the road. They are facing the left.  They are on the right. They are 60 feet away. Since this is a high pedestrian traffic area and traffic is moving slower, the pedestrians should make eye contact with the driver of this car before crossing freely.
Adult Male. They are facing the road. They are facing the crosswalk. They are standing. Their body language indicates crossing the road. They are downtown.  They are 2 feet away from the road. They are standing on the curb. They are 1 foot away from curb. Pedestrian is 5 feet away from a vehicle ahead of driver. They are standing next to two other pedestrians. They are 20 feet away from the vehicle.  After the first car has passed, then pedestrian can assume it is their turn to cross.
Person is walking slowly.  Person is 1 step into road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is with pedestrians. Person is moving faster than driver.  Person started moving after other pedestrians crossing. Groups of pedestrians cross at the same time typically.
The pedestrian is walking forward into the crosswalk. They have seen my car slowing and will cross.    My car is slowing down/stopping. The other car has passed. They are close to the car.  
They start to pick up walking speed.  They are on the edge of the sidewalk path. They intend to cross to the left sidewalk.  The driver has stopped, indicating that the people can walk across.
Pedestrian begins walking slowly.  Pedestrian is a foot from the road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
They are walking faster. They are looking.   They are approaching the crosswalk. They are 50 feet away. This car slowed down, so they could cross. 
  The pedestrians are on the curb. The driver is reducing speed. 
A woman is walking in the road. She is a middle-aged tourist. There is a cross walk.   We are near a tourist attraction. She is in the road. She is on the edge of the road. She is on the right side of the street. She is near a slow moving vehicle. She is far from our car. She is on the right side of our car. Go slow near tourist attractions.
They are looking at this car.  They are on the road. They are crossing.  This car slowed down. Since they made eye contact with this car and this car slowed down, they decided to cross.
The pedestrian is slowing down/stopping. He can see my car moving forward.    He is on the right side of the car. The car is increasing speed after the other pedestrians have crossed.  
   This car starts to speed past them. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly. She is upright.  This is a one way street. It is a curve. It is a roundabout. It is in a downtown area.  She stepped out toward the crosswalk. She is on the side of the road. She is facing the driving path. She is next to another pedestrian. A vehicle is in front of this car. It is passing her now. It is moving at a regular speed. She is in the road. The other vehicle did not stop for her to cross. This car can allow her to pass.
The person is walking across the road.  The person is on the right side of the road.  The car is moving fast. The person is far from the car. The person would not make it when the car goes there.  
The person is stepping on the road. She is with other people.  This is a crosswalk. The person is walking across the road.  The car is slowing down. 
Pedestrians are walking with children.  They are maintaining a slow walking speed.   Parking garage.  Crosswalk/walking path.  Caution speed bump sign.  Construction cones for no parking.   Pedestrians are in walking area.  They are to the left of the road.   They are to the left of car.   Pedestrians have right away.
Two young women with a stroller and a child in the stroller. They are walking towards the car. Parking garage with speed bump. There are perpendicular crosswalks They are to the left side of the lane. They are close to the parked cars on the left. They are close to the van.  
Pedestrian is pushing stroller. They are walking slowly.  Parking garage. Crosswalk. Caution speed bump sign. Traffic cones. They are on a pedestrian crosswalk.  Pedestrian are walking next to car in font of me. Car is moving slowly.  Pedestrians have right a way on crosswalk.
Pedestrians are slowly walking. Pedestrian 1 is pushing stroller.   Parking garage.  Crosswalk.  Caution speed bump sign.  Cones.  Parked cars both sides.  Pedestrians are in walking path.  Pedestrians are left of road.  Pedestrians are to left of car.  Pedestrians are next to vehicle.   Slow speed when "caution speed bump" sign present and in parking garage. 
two people walking with a stroller are walking along a crosswalk. the crosswalk turns and crosses in front of the vehicle. the pedestrians could continue on and cross, or they might wait to see if the car stops to let them before deciding.  there's a crosswalk with a right-angle bend. it's a narrow lane in a parking structure and there are several traffic cones around.  the pedestrians are walking along the left side of the roadway toward the driver.  the pedestrians are about 30 feet in front of the driver walking towards the driver along the crosswalk.  in a parking structure with a crosswalk, it's expected that drivers will stop to let pedestrians cross. 
Two moms and a baby are facing our car. They are walking down the crosswalk.  They are walking slow. There are crosswalks.   They are on the left side of the road. They are walking towards our car.   They are near a van. They are approaching our car. They are on the left side of our car.  
They are walking from the left side. They are looking at my car.  This is a parking lot. They are at the left edge of the road.  They are close to my car. My car is slowing down due to the front car.  Moving cars yield to the pedestrians in a parking lot. 
Pedestrian is female. She is walking slowly forward.  They are in parking garage. There are. pedestrians walk path's.  She is on the left side of the road. She is walking parallel to road. she is on designated pedestrian path.  She is to the left of driver. She is two car lengths away, She is walking towards driver.  
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Pedestrians are facing driver. Crosswalk in road. Traffic cone in road. Driver is in parking garage. Pedestrians are 1 step from road. Pedestrians are not crossing road. Pedestrians are 1 step from car. Pedestrians are faster than driver. 
The pedestrian is an adult woman. She is pushing a stroller. She is walking. This is a parking deck.  There is a crosswalk painted to show pedestrians where to walk. She is on a crosswalk that is along the side of the driving path.  The pedestrian is to the left of the car. She is close to a vehicle that is passing her. She is walking with another young woman who is carrying a child. There is another child in the stroller. This car just entered the parking deck. The car has just entered the parking deck so the pedestrian will probably continue to walk since the car is moving slowly still.
Pedestrian raised hand to indicate walking.    Pedestrian walking on walking path.  They are in the road.   They are in front of car crossing.   
They angled their body toward the perpendicular crosswalk.    The car slows down to see if pedestrians will cross. 
Pedestrian wave hand. Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.   Pedestrians are crossing left to right. They are crossing on crosswalk.  They are a short distance from car. Car has slowed down speed.  Pedestrian waved hand indicating they will walk. 
Pedestrians are walking slowly.  Pedestrian 1 raises hand.  Pedestrian 2 carrying little child.   Pedestrians are a step into the road.  Pedestrians are in front of car.  
once the pedestrians noticed the car slowing, they turned to continue along the crosswalk in front of the vehicle and waved to the vehicle to indicate them doing so.   the pedestrians are in the roadway on the left side and walking to the right.  the pedestrians are about 15 feet in front of the driver. they are just now coming into the driver's pathway to cross.  
The two moms and two children are now facing the right side of the road.  They waved at our car. There is a crosswalk. They are stepping into the road. They are crossing to the right side of the road.  They are near our car. THey are on the left side of our car. They will pass our car. If someone waves at you, it means they are going to cross. They are saying "thank you".
    Pedestrian waved to signify thanks to driver for letting them pass. 
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Pedestrians are pushing stroller. Pedestrians waved at driver.  Pedestrians are 1 step into road. Pedestrians are walking across road. Pedestrians are 2 steps from car. Pedestrians are 4 steps from driver.  Driver yields to pedestrians in parking areas.
The man has on a yellow vest indicating he works here.  It is a parking garage. There are also stop signs. He is standing on the side of the entrance, seeming to greet the drivers entering the parking lot.  The car ahead of me is stopped next to the man.  
He is standing. He is looking at the moving cars.  There is a stop sign. My car is entering a parking lot.  He is at the left edge of the road.  He is close to my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  He seems to be a guard of the parking lot. 
Man is standing still. Man is not moving. Man is old. Driver is near parking garage. Stop signs are nearby.  Man is 1 step from curb. Man is not walking. Man is next to car. Man is car length from driver. Man is letting drivers into parking garage. Driver knows man is waiting for cars to be next to him to enter.
the man looks to be middle-aged. he's wearing a vest at the entrance to the parking structure. he looks like a gate attendant, handing out tickets or raising the gate for cars coming in. it's very likely he remains stationary.  there is a stop sign at the entrance to the parking structure. there is also a height clearance sign just beyond the threshold.  he is standing on the left side of the lane next to the curb.  he is about 20 feet in front of the driver standing on the left-hand side.  in a parking structure, vehicles generally stop to let pedestrians cross. 
Pedestrian is standing still.  Pedestrian is working for parking garage.  Pedestrian has reflective vest on.     Entrance of parking garage.  Stop signs.  No parking lines to right of car.   Pedestrian is standing at entrance of parking garage.  Pedestrian is standing in road.  Pedestrian is on left of road.     Pedestrian is to left of car.  Slow speed of car as approaches entrance of parking garage.   
They are older. They are standing. They are parking attendant. Parking garage. Stop signs. They are on the left side of the road. They are in the road. They are close to the van in front of the car.  They are handing an item to the car in front. 
Worker is standing.  His hand down near the van.  His other hand holding something Worker is monitoring the entrance to garage parking.  Stop signs on both sides of entrance.  Pedestrian crosswalk sign on both sides of entrance.  Worker is off to the left side of entrance.  Worker is standing next to van.  Worker is monitoring entrance. Worker is safe off to the left side.  stop for worker at entrance of garage
The pedestrian is an older man.  This is a parking deck.  The pedestrian is next to the driving path. A vehicle is passing the pedestrian. It is moving slowly. Parking deck attendants don't usually cross. 
The man is old. The man is a volunteer. The man gives information to cars entering the garage.  There are stop signs.  You are supposed to talk to the man before entering garage. He is on the left side of the road.  He is not walking. He is standing next to the van. He is on the left side of our car. When a person is standing in a safety vest by an entrance, Assume your car will stop to talk to them.
Pedestrian is standing still.  Pedestrian is wearing reflective gear.   parking garage.  stop sign.   Pedestrian is a step in road.  Pedestrian is next to vehicle.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is a little distance from car  slow speed when approaching parking garage entrance. 
Pedestrian is older male. He is standing. He is a parking garage attendant.  There is a stop sign. There is a parking garage  He is on the left side of the road. He is one step from the curb. He is at the entrance of the parking garage.  He is to the left of driver. He is two car lengths away from driver. He is less than a foot to the left of driver. He is interacting with the van in front of driver.  yellow vest means worker of some sort. 
Pedestrian is handing ticket to vehicle.  Pedestrian is standing still.      
Pedestrian is handing out tickets.  Pedestrian is employed by parking garage.    
There is a person running. He looks like he is crossing.  The traffic light ahead is green.  He is in the middle of the road.  He is in front of this car.  
Person is running. Person is young. Road has 4 lanes. Road has construction. Person is on road. They are in left lane.  They are far from car. They are left of car.  
He is running on the road from the left side. He is looking at my car.  Green signals are on.  He is already on the road. He is far from my car. My car is going to slow down as it is on the right only lane.  
Pedestrian is running. Pedestrian is adult.  Road is in construction area.  pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to flow of traffic. pedestrian is in road.  pedestrian is far in front of car. pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory.  construction areas make traffic flow confusing. Pedestrians in traffic areas are unpredicatble.
They are running across the street.    
Pedestrian is running. Pedestrian is faced to the right side of road. Traffic light ahead. Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is next to the truck. 
Pedestrian is running across the street. Construction off the side of the road. Traffic light Pedestrian is crossing the street. They are in the middle of the road. The pedestrian is behind other vehicles. They are far ahead of the vehicle. 
The pedestrian begins to run to the right.  Car is in a construction area. They are in the middle of the road.  They are to the front left of the car. They are a few car length ahead. 
Person is jogging.  Person is on the road. Person is 2 lanes from the right side of the road. Person is jogging to the right side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is 2 lanes from the driver path 
Pedestrian is running. Traffic signal. Pedestrian is in middle of road. Pedestrian is moving fast towards driver. Pedestrian is to the left of driver. 
He crossed in front of the car.  He is on the right side of the road. He is on right side of car. Driver slowed down for pedestrian.
Its a mom with a kid. The mom has head turned towards car.  Residential area. Car parked on both sides.  They are on the right of the road. They are on the edge of curb Pedestrian are car are close in distance. Pedestrian is on right side of car.  
The pedestrians faced towards other side of road. Nebiorhood type area. The pedestrians are on the sidewalk. The pedestrians are to the right of the car. There are multiple cars parked on both sides of the road. The other cars are close to the car and pedestrians. 
There are two people. One is an adult and the other is a child. They are walking at a normal pace. The location is a neighborhood. They are on the right side of the road. They haven't stepped onto the road. They are still on the curb.  The cars should give way to the pedestrians.
They are looking at the car. They have a child. They are hesitant. Neighborhood. They are very close to the road. They are crossing. They are close to car. Car is moving very slowly.  Let children cross, They need more time.
Pedestrian is a mother and young child. They are walking. They are looking at vehicle  Vehicle is in a neighborhood  They are on the right side of the road. They are walking to the left. They will cross the road. Pedestrains are in front of and to the right of target vehicle.  Yield to pedestrian in a neighborhood. Go slow. 
person is walking with a kid. person is looking at driver. person is in a neighborhood. road is narrow. person is on the right side of road. person is standing on a driveway.  person is close to the driver. driver is driving slow.  
The woman and her child are walking towards the street from their driveway. They slowed down nearly to a stop as they saw the driver.  There are no road markings. It's a small residential street with vehicles parked along either side.  They are standing just off the right edge of the road. They are about 20 feet in front of the driver and about 10 feet to the right of the driver's path.  Vehicles will usually yield for pedestrians crossing on a small residential street. 
the person is a female, middle age, walking slow it is residential area she is on the right side sidewalk she is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way slow driving 
pedestrian is walking slowly.  they are walking in opposite direction of car  
Mother and child walking slowly, looking at the car. Road is small with parked cars. Close to road, walking across the road. The pedestrians are close to the car. Neighborhood area, driver driving slower. Target looking both ways.
Pedestrians are walking slowly. Residential area.  2 lane road.  Parked cars.   Pedestrians are a few feet from road.  They are on a driveway. Pedestrians are close to car.  Pedestrians are to right of car.  Pedestrians are almost in front of parked car. Caution in residential areas with children/pedestrians trying to cross or playing.
She raised her hand. She started to walk slowly.   They have started to step off curb into road.  Car has come to a stop. Her raised hand indicated she will cross and thank you. 
One of the pedestrians raised her hand. They started to pick up walking speed.  The pedestrians are entering the road from the sidewalk. The pedestrians are now almost in front of the car. The pedestrian raised her hand to indicate thank you to allow crossing.
person is waiving at driver. she is looking at driver.  person is close to the street.   
The driver stopped, and so the woman and her child are going to cross. They started walking into the roadway toward the left. They're walking either to the parked car or the sidewalk on the opposite side of the street.   They've just stepped into the right side of the roadway and are walking to the left.  They area about 20 feet in front of the driver and walking towards the driver's path.  
pedestrian is walking slowly.   They are walking in opposite direction of car. 
Pedestrian puts hand up.    Pedestrians are a step from the road.  Pedestrians on driveway. Pedestrians are close to car.  Pedestrians to right of car.  
pedestrian is walking fast.   car is slowing down 
The man is walking slowly. The driver is at a gas station. The man is in a parking space. He is several feet from the road. He is near the curb. The man is next to a reversing car. He is on the left of the driver. 
the person is close to the entrance, male, middle age,  it is a gas station he is on the parking space he is close to the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is carrying items in hands.   Gas station.  Gas station parking.  Parked cars. Pedestrian is in parking spot.  Pedestrian is in road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is next to vehicle.   
Target pedestrian walking normally. Gas station parking spaces. Close to road. Close to parked car and this vehicle. Observant of driving cars.
Pedestrian is in middle of road. This is a parking lot. He is walking at the center. The car is slowing down 
They are walking briskly. They are looking at the car. Gas stations are chaotic. They are walking towards the road. They are walking directly at the car. They have no other route. 
person is walking. person has a cup in his hand.  road is narrow. car is in parking lot.  person is in middle of parking space. person is near a parked car. car is driving slow. he is in the space car is pulling in to. 
Pedestrian is walking. Parking lot.  Pedestrian is in front of car. 
They are looking at car. they are in a hurry.  They are approaching road. They are crossing. They are very close to car. Car is moving slowly. They are directly in front of car. 
The man stepped out of the gas station and is walking through the parking area towards the pumps. He is walking in the middle of the parking space the driver is aiming towards.  It's a gas station with a row of parking spaces directly in front. There are no lane markings, crosswalks or signs.  They are walking in the middle of the parking space in front of the gas station, away from the gas station.  They are about 10 feet in front of the vehicle walking directly towards the vehicle.  Vehicles are usually going slow enough that they'll yield to pedestrians. 
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  Pedestrian is carrying slushie.  Gas station.  Parking spaces.   Pedestrian is in parking space.   Pedestrian is next to vehicle.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is in front of car.   Slow when vehicles are backing up next to you.  Caution when pedestrians are walking in front of you.
There is a person walking. He is walking at a normal pace. He looks like he is in the mid-age The location is a gas station convenience store. He is on the left side of the car. He looks like he is walking straight. He doesn't look like he wants to cross the road in front of the car. There is a car parked on the right side. Drivers are supposed to give way to pedestrians.
Man is walking quickly. Gas station parking lot. He is walking in the road. He is on the left of car and next to car. Car should wait for man to leave parking space.
the person is walking fast. parking lot the person is on the parking lot. the car is slowing down. the person is close to the car. 
They have a coffee in their hands.  They see car pulling in. They are standing.  They are walking out of the store. They are a step into the road.  Car next to is backing up. Car is turning into spot next to pedestrian.  
They are male. They are walking.  This is a gas station.  They are in a parking space. They are walking towards this car.  They are very close. They are on the left.  
The pedestrian is walking, they might be getting in to a vehicle.  The driver is in a gas station parking lot.  They are walking on the road. They are going in to the parking area.  The pedestrian is the right of the car. They are very close to the car. They are very close to the parked vehicle.  
The guy is walking through the spot the car appears to be turning into. He is looking up at the car. This is a parking lot. The car is pulling into a spot as the man walks to his car. He is walking straight at the car.  
The man is walking slowly.  The man is close to the road. He is several feet from the curb. He is still in the parking space.  He is making eye contact with the driver.
Pedestrian is sipping slurpy.  Pedestrian is walking.    Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  
Target pedestrian walked normally.   Man walked into the parking space close to this vehicle. 
person is walking fast.     person made eye contact. 
Pedestrian saw car and started to walk to the right of car.   Car is slowing to a stop. 
Pedestrian maintained walking speed.    Pedestrian is in parking space.  Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  Pedestrian is very close to car.   
  The person is now on the right side of the car.  
Pedestrian is walking. He is a middle aged man.  In a gas station parking lot  Pedestrian is in the middle of the road.  Pedestrian is in front of vehicle. He is walking in front  
They are walking modertly towards car. Their body is facing towards car.   They are walking from left side of road to right side.  Car has come to stop. Pedestrian and car are close in distance.  
They changed direction.   They are walking towards the right.   They turned to walk to the right of this car. 
The man waved to thank the car. He is now on the rights side of the car.   His walking path is alongside the car.  
The pedestrian is not getting in to the parked vehicle. He is walking passed it.    He is in front of the car. He can see the car.  
    The man waves his hand to the driver. He is thanking them.
Pedestrian is walking at a normal speed. They look to be female. Crosswalk. Stop Sign. Pedestrian crossing sign. Vehicle in a store parking lot. They are just stepping onto the road. The pedestrian is a couple car lengths away. To the right of vehicle. 
He is walking to the road from the right sidewalk.  There is a stop sign ahead. This is a parking lot.  He is close to the road.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down.  Cars wait longer at a stop sign if there is any pedestrian to cross. 
They are walking. They are leaving a store. They are pushing a cart. They are facing the opposite side of the road. Pedestrians tend to walk across the street by a store and in a parking lot.
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is in a parking lot Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 2 steps from the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 30 meters from the driver. Person is 5 steps from driver path. 
Women. Women is walking. Parking lot. Department store. Women is to the right of the road. Women is on the sidewalk. Women is to the right of the driver. Women is about to enter the crosswalk in front of driver. Pedestrians expect cars to yield to them automatically in parking lots.
The pedestrian exited the store. They are heading towards the crosswalk.  The car is approaching a stop sign. The Car is approaching a cross walk.  They are to the right of the road. They are walking towards the crosswalk. They are to the right of the car. They are walking towards another pedestrian already in the crosswalk.  The pedestrian is approaching the cross walk as another user is already in the cross walk. the car will remain stopped for both pedestrians. 
Person is walking normally. Person has shopping cart.  Road has 2 lanes. Road is in parking lot. Stop sign ahead. They are near road. They are on sidewalk. They are right of road. They are near car. They are right of car. 
There is a person looking and crossing the road with a cart. There is a stop sign. There is a cross walk.  There is another person crossing the road from the left side. The person is looking at the car.
She is walking. She is faced to the left. Parking lot. She is on the right side of the road. She is next to the stop sign. 
Pedestrian has not sen car. pedestrian is walking into cross walk. pedestrian has right of way.. road is a parking lot.  pedestrians is in road. pedestrian is crossing perpendicular to the flow of traffic as their place of travel.  pedestrians path is perpendicular to car's path. pedestrians in parking lots are inattentive. 
The pedestrian is walking. They are coming out of the store. She is pushing a cart.  There are several cross walks. This is the parking lot.  She is to the right of the road. She is about to enter the road.  She is in front of the vehicle.  Usually you always let someone cross in a parking lot. They are heavy with pedestrians. 
At this moment both person1 and person2 have left the screen.    
She is crossing.  She is in middle of road. She is ahead of car. Driver slows down for pedestrian.
She was walking out of the store.   She is in the middle of the road.  She is now to the left of the vehicle.  
They are in motion to cross. They are walking and pushing a cart. This is a parking lot and people cross. They have continued their pace. They are looking straight ahead to the other side to the parking lot. 
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is in a parking lot. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. Person is 2 steps from driver path. 
The person is walking. They are facing away from the car.  This is a parking lot. This is in front of a store. There are stop signs ahead. There is a crosswalk section ahead.  They are in the road. They are on the right side.  They are in front of this car.  
The pedestrian is walking into the crosswalk. They are pushing a shopping cart The car is in a store parking lot. The car is approaching a stop sign. They are facing the road. They are actively crossing the road They are up ahead of the car. They are in front of the car. Yield to pedestrians in parking lots.
Pedestrian is walking at a normal pace.  Cross walk. Stop sign. The vehicle is in a store parking lot. Pedestrian is crossing road. They are on right side of the road. Pedestrian is crossing the path of the vehicle. They are far from the vehicle. 
Target is a women. Target is walking.  Crosswalk. Shopping mall. Parking lot. Target is walking from right to left across road. Target is walking across crosswalk. Target is on right side of road.  Target is directly in front of driver. Target is walking to the left of driver.  
Person is walking normally. They have a cart.  Road has 2 lanes. Road is near parking lot. Stop sign ahead. They are on road. They are in right lane.  Person is close to car. They are right of car. 
He is walking on the road from right side. He reached almost the middle of the right lane.  This is a parking lot of a shopping mall.  He is on the road.  He is far from my car. My car is going to stop due to a stop sign.  
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the left side of road. Parking lot. Pedestrian is on right side of road. Pedestrain is far from car. Car is slow near pedestrians.
pedestrian is in the road. pedestrian is walking in road. road is in parking lot.  pedestrian is walking perpendicular to the flow of traffic. other pedestrians are crossing between the car and the pedestrians.  pedestrians path is perpendicular to the cars path.  Parking lots have high pedestrian traffic. 
The pedestrian is actively crossing the road. They are walking to the left. They are pushing a cart. Car approaching a crosswalk. car approaching a stop sign. They are in the road crossing to the left. They are far ahead of the car. They are in front of the car. yield to pedestrians in a parking lot.
He crossed in front of car.  He is on the left side of road.  
Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian is walking slowly.  car and pedestrian are in parking lot. Parking lot is near a store.  Pedestrian is walking towards road. Pedestrian is walking towards store.  pedestrian is attempting to cross from left hand side to right hand side of road. Pedestrian is to the left of the car. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to cars trajectory. Pedestrian is far from car. Car is traveling slowly.  Pedestrian parking lot behavior can be erratic and unpredictable. 
Pedestrian is walking quickly. Store parking lot. Stop sign. Pedestrian crossing sign. Pedestrian is entering the road. They are on the left side of road. Pedestrian is ahead of the vehicle. They are also ahead of a motorcycle. 
She is walking at the left edge of the road.  There is a stop sign ahead.  She is close to the road.  She is close to my car. My car is slowing down due to a stop sign ahead.  
Based on distance and time to cross before my car reaches them. Based on arm movement.   The motorcycle is turning left and she is not in its path. 
Person is walking normally. Person is female.  Road has 2 lanes. Road is near parking lot. Person is near road. Person is left of road.  Person is near car. Person is left of car. Person is near another car. 
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is in a parking lot. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 3 steps from the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 35 meters from the driver. Person is 20 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the right. Parking lot. Pedestrian is on the left side of road. Pedestrian is ahead of car. 
The pedestrian is quickly walking to the right. They are entering crosswalk.  The car is in a parking lot. They are walking in the road. The pedestrian is walking to the left of the car. yield for pedestrians in parking lots.
Pedestrian is walking. Parking lot. Department stores. Pedestrian is to the left of road. Pedestrian is to the left of road users. 
This person is walking. They are headed towards the store.  This is a parking lot. There is a crosswalk area.  They are in the road. They are on the left side.  They are in front of this car. They are to the left.  
Pedestrian has signaled to car. Pedestrian is crossing in front of car.     
The pedestrian was in a walking motion.    
  Person is on road. they are in left lane. Person is near car. Person is left of car. Let the person cross in parking lot.
  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 3 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 20 meters from the driver. Person is 15 steps from driver path. 
She is crossing in front of car.  She is in middle of road. She is ahead of car. Car slowed down for pedestrian.
Pedestrian looking at car to cross.    
Pedestrian is walking. Crosswalk. Parking lot. Department stores. Pedestrian is in left lane. Pedestrian is left of driver. Driver yielded to pedestrian even when not required to.
The pedestrian was in a walking motion. The pedestrian was looking at the store. The pedestrian looked toward my car for a half second. Then pedestrian looked back at store.  The pedestrian was walking. The pedestrian slowed slightly as they entered the cross walk.  The motorcyclist passed the pedestrian. Other pedestrians crossed at the same time. 
Pedestrian slowed and then continued walking. Pedestrian looked at my car and then looked ahead. There is a crosswalk. There is a stop sign. There is a crosswalk sign. There is a second crosswalk sign. Pedestrian crossed the road.  Pedestrians have the right of way.
Pedestrian slowed before entering crosswalk. Pedestrian looked at my car. Pedestrian looked back to store to cross. This is a parking lot. There is a crosswalk in front of my car. There is a stop sign. There is a pedestrian crossing sign on the left up ahead. There is a pedestrian crossing sign on the right up ahead. Pedestrian was entering crosswalk. Pedestrian crossed road. Pedestrian crossed in front of my car. Pedestrians have the right of way. Pedestrians are in parking lots. Pedestrians are near store entrances.
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  Crosswalk. Pedestrians are across the road.  Pedestrians are to the right of the car.  Pedestrians have right of way with a crosswalk.
Pedestrian walking into crosswalk.   three lane on way road.  Bicycle lane on right.  Many pedestrians in crosswalk ahead.  Campus area.   Pedestrian entering crosswalk.  He is walking at a fast pace.  Pedestrian on right side of road, crossing to the left.   Pedestrians in the crosswalk have the right of way. 
Pedestrian is walking at moderate pace.  Campus area.  One way.  4 lane across.  Bike lane.  Sidewalks both sides.  Pedestrian crossing sign. Crosswalk. Pedestrian is a step from the road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car  Caution/slow speed when approaching pedestrian crosswalk.  Pedestrians have right away.
pedestrian is approaching the crosswalk from the right side. they are walking at an average pace. given the crosswalk, the signage for the crosswalk, and especially the other group of pedestrians currently crossing, the pedestrian is is very likely to cross.  there's a bike lane to the right and a crosswalk ahead. the crosswalk has signs and lights. there's also a large parking lot and garage to the right and a classroom building to the left that cause lots of pedestrian traffic. it looks cloudy, like it rained and the road could possibly be wet.  the pedestrian is just stepping into the road on the right side. they are walking to the left.  the pedestrian is about 100 feet in front of the driver.  in a campus area, drivers generally should be cautious of pedestrians crossing, especially at a signaled crosswalk. they generally stop to let pedestrians cross. 
The pedestrian is maintaining walking speed. Campus area. One way road with four lanes and a bike lane on the right. Pedestrian crossing sign with crosswalk. They are approaching the road. They are on the right side of the road. Their walking path is to cross the road. They are by other pedestrians. They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed.  
He is walking to the road from the right sidewalk.  There is a crosswalk  ahead. There is pedestrian sign.  He is close to the road. He is far from my car. My car is slowing down. Other people are in the car's way.  
A student is stepping into the road.  They are young.  They are facing the left side of the road. There is a blinking light for pedestrians.  There is a crosswalk. They are on the sidewalk. They are stepping into the road. They are on the right side of the road.  They are on the right side of our car. They are far from our car.  When students are in a group, they tend to all cross.  When there is a blinking light be cautious of pedestrians.  Go slow on a college campus.
Pedestrian is walking.  Bike lane to right of car.  Sidewalks on both sides.  Pedestrian crossing sign.  4 lanes total.  Cloudy day. Crosswalk Pedestrian is to right of road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Car is maintaining speed.  Slow vehicle when approaching flashing pedestrian crosswalk sign.  
Pedestrian is a male. He is walking slowly right.  There is a crosswalk. He is on campus. It is dark. It is rainy,  He is approaching the right side of the crosswalk. He is still on sidewalk. He is two steps away from the curb. He is walking towards the left side of the road.  He is 7 ft to the right of driver. He is four car lengths away from driver. He is walking with a group of people.  
Person is walking slowly.  Crosswalk is in road. Traffic signals for pedestrians. Weather is cloudy. Person is moving onto crosswalk. Person is on edge of road. Person is next to other pedestrians. Person is moving slowly. 
Pedestrian walking briskly to crosswalk.  Campus area.  Many pedestrians in crosswalk.  Three lane one way road.  Bike lane on right.  Pedestrian on right side of road walking across to left.  Pedestrian entering crosswalk with others.  Pedestrian is a safe distance from my car.  Appropriate speed.  Pedestrians in crosswalk have the right of way. 
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.   Pedestrian is a few steps in road. Pedestrian is in bike lane.  Pedestrian is to right of car.   
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian does not look for car.   Pedestrian is a few steps into road.  Pedestrian is to right of car.   
they are walking towards the crosswalk. being on campus with a group of pedestrians already crossing as well as signs and flashing lights for crossing, they seem likely to cross.  there's a bike lane or shoulder on the right and a crosswalk for the pedestrians. the crosswalk also has signs and flashing lights.  they are on the sidewalk to the right of the road walking towards the road. they are about five feet from the road.  they are about 10 feet from the driver's lane.  on a college campus between a large parking area and a large classroom building. there is a lot of foot traffic and vehicles are encouraged to stop and often do stop for pedestrians. 
Pedestrian is fast walking. Campus area. One way road with four lanes. There is a bike lane on the right side. There is a crosswalk. There are pedestrian crossing signs. They are close to the curb. They are to the right of the road. They are walking towards the road. They are in front of the car. They are on the cars right side. There are other pedestrians crossing. Car is slowing down to let pedestrian cross.
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian has hands in pockets.    Pedestrian crosswalk sign.  Crosswalk.  Campus area.  No parking sign.   Pedestrian is to right of road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   Pedestrians have the right away.  Slow driving speed when approaching crosswalk signal.  
Pedestrian running to cross.  He is in a hurry.   Crosswalk present.  Crosswalk signs with blinking lights  present.  Bike lane on right. One way street. College area Pedestrian on sidewalk.  He is entering the crosswalk.  He is crossing from right to left.  No traffic present. Pedestrian is at a safe distance.   approach area with caution with lights are blinking and pedestrians in crosswalk
Person is running. Person is likely student. Crosswalk in road. Traffic sign near road. Driver is on campus. Person is 2 steps from road. Person is moving straight toward road. Person is near other pedestrians. Person is moving faster than pedestrians. Groups of pedestrians cross together typically.
Pedestrian is younger male. He is walking quickly left.  There is a crosswalk. They are on campus. It is raining. It is dark.  He is on sidewalk to the right. he is 3 steps away from crosswalk. He is walking perpendicular to the road.  He is 4 ft to the right if driver. He is 4 car lengths away from driver. He is crossing with a group Pedestrian does not have an umbrella. Will probably try to get to a building quicker. Pedestrians cross sigh is flashing, he still has time to cross. 
Pedestrian slowing down or stopping pedestrian crossing ahead. cloudy weather pedestrian on the sidewalk almost entering the road pedestrian ahead of the car and with other pedestrians crossing. 
Pedestrian walking briskly. Campus area.  Raining.  Bike lane.  Crosswalk.  One way traffic.  4 lanes.  Crosswalk signs. No parking sign  Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian few feet from road.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  
a student is walking toward the street. They are walking at a normal pace. They are not looking at traffic. There is a crosswalk.  There are pedestrian signs and blinking lights. They are close to the road. They are on the right side of the road.   They are on the right side of the car.  They are far from the car.   
He is walking toward the road. He is looking at my car.  There is a pedestrian sign ahead. There is a crosswalk ahead.  He is close to the road.  He is close to my car. Other pedestrians are crossing the road.  
They see the car not stopping. They are coming to a stop.    Car does not let pedestrians clear crosswalk before proceeding through.
Pedestrian stops walking.  Pedestrian sees car.    Pedestrian is a step off road.  Pedestrian is to right of road.   They are to the right of car.   
Pedestrian walked at a normal pace up to road and stopped.   Crosswalk present.  Crosswalk sign and lights present.  College area.  Pedestrian on right side of road.  He is close to the road.  Pedestrian is close to my car.  No other vehicles on road. Other pedestrians walking.  
Person is standing still.  Person is 1 step from road. Person is not walking. Person is facing road. Person is 4 steps from driver. Person is not moving. 
He is standing still.    He is less than a car length away from driver. He is to the right of driver.  
Pedestrian sees car.  Pedestrian stops walking.   Pedestrian is a step from the road. Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is to the right of car.  Pedestrian is a few feet from car.  
The student has stopped walking. he is standing still. he is a young man. He is facing the street. he is waiting. There is a crosswalk.  There are pedestrian signs. He is facing the road. He is near the road. He is on the right side of the road. He is not moving.  He is near our car. He is on the right side of our car. 
He stopped walking and was standing. He is looking at my car.   He is close to the road.  My car is speeding up.  
Pedestrian is standing.    He is to less than a car length away from driver. He is to the right of driver.  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Does not even acknowledge car.   Crosswalk.  Cloudy day Pedestrian is in the middle of road.   Pedestrian is in front of car.   
 The pedestrian was in a cross walk. There are signals that indicate when it is the pedestrians right of way.   
they hesitantly stopped. they seem unsure if the driver would stop for them. they are watching the driver to see if the driver will stop or not.  there is a crosswalk with signage and lights.  they are at the edge of the road, about five feet from the driver's lane. they are standing still.  they are standing still about 20 feet in front of the driver and about five feet to the right of the driver's lane.  vehicles are expected to stop for pedestrian traffic at the crosswalk. 
likely a student as they appear to have a backpack. they are are in the crosswalk and walking quickly from left to right towards the sidewalk. there are other pedestrians crossing as well.  it's a four-lane road with a bike path on the right-hand side. there's a crosswalk ahead with signage and lights. there's a large parking area to the right and classroom building to the left. it seems dark and rainy, but the road doesn't look wet.  they are halfway across the road, walking towards the left.  they are about 100 feet in front of the driver, just about to cross the driver's lane.  drivers are expected to stop for the pedestrians crossing at the crosswalk. it's situated directly between a large parking area and classroom building, and there's a well indicated crosswalk. 
Pedestrians are walking. Four lane highway. School building. Pedestrians are in the middle of the road. Pedestrians are in front of the car. They are far away from the car. 
They are facing the oppostie side of road.  It is raining out. Pedestrian walking sign ahead.  They are walking from right side of road to left. They are in middle of road.  They are far from car. Car is traveling at fast speed. Group of pedestrians are crossing.  
The target is walking fast to cross the road.  crosswalk. They are on the left side of the road. They are crossing the road. They are already on the road. The car is slowing down because of the crosswalk.  
The group is walking slowly. The group is a mom and kids.  The driver is outside a shopping center. They are in the road. They are next to the curb. The driver is stopped. They are near the driver. 
They are crossing. They are looking. They are walking. This is a store parking lot. There is a crosswalk. They are on the crosswalk. They are crossing to the right. They are on the road. They are 30 feet away. This car is stopped. 
Pedestrians are on the street. Pedestrians are in walking stride. Pedestrians are close to crosswalk.  There are crosswalks present. Car is driving in a parking lot. The stores are on the right hand side.  Pedestrians are currently in the road. There are crosswalks present.  There is still a distance between the pedestrians and the car. The car is moving 0 miles per hour.  Car should yield to pedestrians when crosswalks are present. Car should drive slowly in parking lots. 
Family is walking quickly. There is a crosswalk. Store parking lot. They are in the road walking to the right. They are on the left of car walking quickly. Car should slow or stop at corsswalk.
There are children. They are walking briskly. Children are not looking at car. Mother is looking at car. They are in crosswalk. They are in road. They are crossing. They are close to car. Car is stopped.  
The mother and her kids are walking across the street. There is a crosswalk leading directly to the store. They are walking from the parking lot to the store. They are about 15 feet in front of the car. They are crossing at the crosswalk.  
Pedestrians walking moderately.  Pedestrian 1 and pedestrian 2 are kids.  Pedestrians not acknowledging car.  Store fronts.  Crosswalk.  Parking lot.  Pedestrians are a few steps into road.  Pedestrians are next to crosswalk.   Pedestrians are to left of car.  Pedestrians are close to car.   Slow by storefronts as pedestrians will cross in front of car without looking.  
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. He is looking at the car. He might cross with the other pedestrians.  It is in a shopping center parking lot. There is a crosswalk ahead. It is starting to get dark outside.  He is on the left side of the road. He is walking towards the road.  He is far from the car. The car is slowing down/stopping for the other pedestrians. He is to the right and in front of the car. He is behind the other pedestrians.  Drivers are more cautious in parking lots where people are walking
He is a man. He is likely with the family. He is walking moderately They are approaching crosswalk. In front of store. He is walking towards road. He is moderately far from road. He is close to family. He is moderately far from car. Car is stopped. 
He has seen my car is stopped. he is running across the road. He will finish crossing.   He is walking into the road from the left side.  My car is stopped. he is closer to my car than before. He is still behind the other pedestrians.  
Pedestrian is walking.   Storefronts.  Crosswalk.  Parking lot to left of car.   Pedestrian is in parking lot.  Pedestrian is off road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.   Pedestrians have right away.  
The man is walking slowly. The driver is at a shopping center. The man is not in the road. He is several feet from the road. The man is far from the driver. He is near parked cars. The driver is stopped. 
The target is walking fast.  crosswalk The target is left side of the road. the car is slowing down for other persons 
The man is walking. This is a strip mall parking lot. He will cross the street at the crosswalk. The car is stopped. 
They are walking casually. They are male.  There is a crosswalk. This is a store parking lot.  They are in the parking lot. They are 10 paces from the crosswalk. They are walking towards the store.  They are on the left. They are 70 feet away.  Since this group is crossing, they may cross with the group's right of way. 
The pedestrian is walking slowly. He is an older adult male. This is a parking lot. There is a large store to the right of the car. The parked cars are to the left of the car. He is walking toward the road. He is going to cross it. He is not close to the car. There is a group of pedestrians in front of him. They are about to cross in front of the car. They are moving faster than him. Cars will allow pedestrians to cross in a parking lot. Even when they are moving slowly, a car will wait. Sometimes the pedestrian will tell the car to pass.
The pedestrians are walking at an average speed. They are looking at the car. They will continue to cross.  It is in a shopping center parking lot. There is a crosswalk ahead. It is starting to get dark outside. They are on the left side of the road. They are walking into the road.  They are close to the car. The car is stopped. They are in front of and to the left of the car. They are in front of another pedestrian. 
Old man is walking quickly. Store parking lot. Crosswalk. He is walking on left towards road to cross. He is left of car. He is behind a family. Car should wait for family to cross at crosswalk. If close, man should cross at the same time.
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.   2 lane road.  Pedestrian is few steps from road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Car is stopped.  
The man is running.    
They are looking. They are walking faster.   They are close to the crosswalk.  They are 50 feet away.  Since they started walking faster, they will cross behind the group.
The pedestrian is an adult male. He is not old. He has started to run to cross in front of the car.  He is now in the road. He is crossing the road. He is crossing in front of the car. The car is stopped. It is waiting for him to pass.  
Pedestrian is walking slow.  Pedestrian sees car.  Ticket booths.   Pedestrian is few steps off road.  Pedestrian on curb like.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
The pedestrian is walking slowly towards the road. She is looking at the car. She will cross. It is at the entrance of a parking lot. There are booths ahead to stop at.  She is on the right side of the road.  She is on the right in front of the car. She is close to the car.  
The woman is stopped. She is about to walk. The driver is at a toll booth. The woman is on the sidewalk. She is next to the road.  The woman is next to other people. She is next to a stopped car. She is near the driver. The driver is stopped. 
The person is walking fast.   He is on the right side of the road.  The car is slowing down. The person is right side of the car. He is intending to step on the road.  
They are looking at car. They are walking slowly. They are hesitant. They are an employee. Tollbooths make cars stop frequently. They are almost in road. They are not in road.  They are close to car. Car is stopped. Others are also walking slowly. Others are close to car. 
Park employee is walking quickly.  Park entrance. Clear day. she is on a median to the right of road. She is left of two people. She is on the right of car. Car should slow or top at ticket gate.
The pedestrian is walking toward the road. They are a young adult. This is the entrance to a parking area. There are booths for customers to pay at.  They are about to cross the road. The pedestrian is very close to this car. The car is moving slowly.  A vehicle just passed the pedestrian. If a car is going to stop because of a vehicle in front of it, pedestrians will cross between the two vehicles.
They are standing. They are looking. They are female. They are a worker.  This is a check-in booth. Traffic is stopped.  They are on the median. They are facing the road.  They are on the left. They are very close.  Since traffic is stopped and they are looking, they may cross safely. 
The pedestrian looks like an employee of this location. He is looking at the car. This is a park entrance. He will cross perpendicular to the car's direction. All vehicles are driving through the pay booths. The car in front is stopped.  Wokers sometimes go from pay booth to pay booth at these parks. Drivers must watch for people walking between booths.
Pedestrian hand raises.  Pedestrian is walking.   Pedestrian is a step into the road.   
The pedestrian is walking into the road. The walking path is clear. She is waving at the car.   She is stepping into the road.  She is stepping in front of the car. The car is slowing down/stopped. There are no other obstacles.  
The woman is walking slowly.  The woman is about to step into the road.  
Man is walking slowly to cross. Park entrance. Man is standing on median to right of road. Man is right of car. Car should slow and allow people to pass.
The target is walking normal.  The target is right side of the road. The target is right side of the car. The car is slowing down. 
Pedestrian is standing.   Ticket booths.  Cones.   Pedestrian is a few steps off road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  
The man is walking slowly.  The driver is at a toll booth. The man is next to the road. He is on the sidewalk. The man is next to other people. He is near a parked car. The driver is stopped. He is near the driver. 
They are standing. They are not looking. They are male.  This is a check-in booth. They are on the median. They are facing the road to the left. They are 10 feet away. They are on the right. Since the car in front is stopped and there is distance between this car and them, they may cross safely.
The pedestrian is a young adult male. He is standing straight. This is the entrance to a parking area. There are booths for attendants to collect money. They separate the lanes. He is standing near the driving path. He is to the right side of the car. He is close to this car. 
The man is facing the ticket booth. He seems to work at this park.   The car is stopped. The other car in front of this car has stopped. 
He is a worker. He is looking towards road. He is still. Toll booth. He is almost in road.  He is with other person. Other person is waiting to cross. Other car is stopped. Other car is ahead. Car is stopped. They are close to car. 
The pedestrian is walking with other pedestrians. He is not looking at the car. They will cross together. It is at the entrance of a parking lot. There are buildings ahead to stop at.  They are on a sidewalk on the right side of the road. They are walking towards the road.  They are very close to the car. They are close to another car that is stopped ahead. The car is slowing down/stopped. They are on the right of the car.  
Pedestrian begins walking.    Pedestrian is a step off the road.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
The man is walking normally.    
They are in a group. The group is crossing. This is a one-lane road.   Since the group is crossing, they will cross too.
The pedestrian turns his body towards the driving path. He begins walking.  The pedestrian is closer to the driving path.  
The man turned to face the street in front of the car.  He will walk right in front of the car.  
the pedestrian is walking fast, it is a young male it is two line road he is on the right side of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
There is a person walking at a normal pace.  The location is a campus. He is on the left side of the road. There is incoming and ongoing traffic. 
Target pedestrian walking normally. It is a college campus. Side of the road, facing toward the road. Far from this vehicle. Close to other cars. Cars drive slowly on campus.
He is walking. He is faced to the right side of road. Two lane road with turning lane. He is on the left side of road. He is next to the black truck. 
The pedestrian stepped into the road kind of far up ahead on the left side. They're walking across the street, but it's unlikely they'll cross in front of the driver without much of a gap between the driver and the vehicle in front.  The entire right half of the road is shaded while the rest is in direct sun making it hard to see. There's a small construction zone up ahead next to the driver's lane on the right side. It's also a campus area with a classroom building on the right.  They just stepped into the roadway on the far left side, walking towards the right.  They are about 75 feet in front of the driver and several lanes to the left. 
They are walking moderately. They are unaware.  They are crossing. They are in road. They are on edge of road. traffic is stopped. SUV is turning towards them. They are close to SUV. They are far from car. 
Pedestrian begins walking. Downtown area.  No parking sign.   Pedestrian is a step into the road. Pedestrian is far from car.  Pedestrian is in oncoming traffic lane.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
His body is facing opposite side of road.  Construction sign ahead. Campus area.  He stepped off curb. He is on the left side of road. He is walking from left to right.  Car in front has come to a stop.  Pedestrian and car are far from each other. Car is driving slow. 
person is walking slow.   person is on the left side of the road. person is far from my car. this car is going slow. person is near a black pickup 
pedestrian is on far left.  lot of traffic  
The person looks like a doctor.    
Pedestrian is running. Pedestrian is a young male. He is a healthcare worker  There is no crosswalk. There is construction  He is in the middle of the road. He is running to the right. He is crossing the road. Pedestrian is in front of vehicle  
He is stopped. Construction next to car. He is in middle of road. He is to the left of the road. 
The traffic started to slow a bunch and the pedestrian noticed the small gap in front of the driver. They're walking at an angle now towards the gap in front of the driver and will most likely cross in that gap.   They are straddling the center yellow lines and walking to the right. They are about 20 feet in front of the driver and one lane to the left, walking towards the right.  
They acknowledge car. They are moving slowly. Sidewalk construction  They are very close to car. Others are moving slowly. If you are already moving slow, just let pedestrians pass.
Pedestrian begins running. Traffic light.   Pedestrian is in road. Pedestrian is slightly left of car.  Pedestrian is very close to car.   Slow when pedestrians are in road. 
 He sees my vehicle is stopping. Then he has started to run. Stoplight in front.  He is in the middle of road now.  Car has come to a stop. There is 6 ft of space between this car and car in front.  Car and pedestrian are close in distance. 
person is looking to his left side. road is narrow. road work on the right side.  he is in the middle of the road of the opposite lane. car ahead slowed down. person is close to this car. this car slowing down.  
pedestrian is walking slowly.   car has slowed down. 
  The person is running to successfully cross the road.  
Once the pedestrian walked clear of the oncoming lanes, they came to a stop. They are looking at the driver, but the driver's lane isn't completely stopped and they are waiting for the driver to either stop or move on.   They are standing still just to the right of the oncoming lanes of traffic.  They are one lane to the left of the diver and about 10 feet in front of the driver. There are other cars in the driver's lane as well.  
He ran. He crossed. Campus area. Fair road conditions. He is on right side of road. He is next to the sidewalk. Driver stopped for pedestrian.
The pedestrian decided they would actually use the gap in front of the driver to cross. They started into a quick run to quickly cross in front of the driver to the right.   They are in the middle of the lane next to the driver and running towards the right.  They are about five feet in front of the driver and about to cross into the driver's lane.  
Pedestrian is a young male. They are walking consistently. Narrow road. Apartment parking lot.  They are in the roadway. They are walking down the road. They are walking towards the cars direction. They are ahead of the car. The car is keeping to the left side of the road to give the pedestrian space.
Pedestrian is a younger male. He is walking slowly forward.  driver is in parking lot.  He is in the center of the right lane. He is walking parallel to the road. He is four steps from right curb.  He is 4 car lengths away. He is walking towards the driver.  
pedestrian is walking in the driving lane directly towards the driver. it's unclear where they're going.  it's a narrow two-way road in a residential complex between two buildings and two rows of parking. there aren't any road markings, only parking lines.  they are in the middle of the right-side lane of the road, walking against traffic towards the driver.  they are about 40 feet in front of the driver walking directly towards the driver.  drivers generally will slow or stop for pedestrians since it's already a low-speed area. 
His body is facing the car. He is walking slowly.  parking lot area.  He is walking parallel to road. He is on right side of road. He is close in distance to car.  
Person is walking toward the car.  It is a young man.  They are in the middle of the traffic lane. They are facing the car. They are in front of the car.  They are a distance from the car. 
The pedestrian is walking slowly. This is a residential parking lot. They are in the road. They are walking past parked vehicles. Pedestrians have the right of way in a parking lot.
Person is walking slowly.  No crosswalk in road. Driver is in parking lot. Person is in middle of road. Person is walking down road. Person is walking slowly. Person is 2 car lengths from driver. Person is walking toward driver. 
He is walking and looking at my car. He is walking in the opposite direction as my car.  This is a parking lot. He is in my lane.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down. Car yields to the pedestrians in parking lot. 
Pedestrian is walking.  Apartment complex.  Parking lot.  Parked cars on both sides.  Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is in driving path of car.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  Slow driving speed in parking lot.  Pedestrians should be on the lookout for cars coming.
Pedestrian in middle of road.  Apartment complex parking lot. Parked cars to the right. Parked car to the left. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road.  Pedestrian is in front of the car. Pedestrian has the right of way
They changed direction unexpectedly. Pedestrian held out hands to caution driver.  Pedestrian is walking across the road. They are crossing in front of the vehicle.  
    Pedestrian stopped directly in front of driver and smiled. They probably know each other personally. 
pedestrian adjusted their walking angle slightly, is still walking towards the driver,  and started to raise their arms indicating they're doing something. they're now angled to cross in front of the driver.   they are in the right-hand side of the road walking towards the middle of the road. they're still walking the wrong way for that side of the road.  they are about 30 feet in front of the vehicle walking towards the vehicle, but slightly to the left of the vehicle.  
  They are in the middle of the road. They are walking from right side to left side of road.  Car has come to a stop. They are close to the car.  
Man is waving at the car.  Man is walking towards the car.  He is young.  He is in the middle of traffic lane. He is in front of the car. He is walking toward the car. 
Pedestrian maintains walking speed. Pedestrian's hands are up.    Pedestrian is in road.  Pedestrian is in front of car.  Car slows when approaching.   Pedestrian's hands are up to signal car to slow down. 
Pedestrian slowed speed as car approached. Pedestrian proceed to cross as car slowed down.  Pedestrian is in middle of road. He is in front of the car.  
pedestrian stopped walking and lowered their arms. they are looking at the driver but are standing in the middle of the road. they are a young to middle-aged male.   they are almost in the middle of the road, slightly to the right.  they are about 10 feet in front of the vehicle looking at the driver.  
pedestrian angled to cross slowly in front of the vehicle as the vehicle pulls up along side them. they must be wanting to talk to the driver or possibly get in the vehicle.   they are walking in the middle of the roadway.  they are about five feet in front of the driver walking towards the driver's side of the vehicle.  
They are walking slowly.   They are in the middle of the road. They are walking from right side to left side of road.  Car has come to a stop. They are close to the car.  
There is a person. They are walking.  This is a parking lot. It is in front of a store.  The person is on the left side of the road. They are in the road.  They are in front of the vehicle. They are to the left.  Usually you let people go if they are trying to walk into the store. You usually drive slower in a parking lot. 
A person is walking on the road from the left side.  It's almost dark around.  He is at the left edge of the road.  A person is far from my car. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is faced to the right side of road. Parking lot. Pedestrian is on the left side of the road. Pedestrian is about three car lengths ahead of the car. 
The pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. Vehicle is in a store parking lot. The pedestrian is a step into the road. They are on the left side of the road. The pedestrian is walking in the path of the vehicle. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Driver is in a parking lot. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. Person is one lane from the driver path. 
They are walking. They are in a parking lot. The person closer to my car is crossing. They are crossing toward the store. 
The pedestrians are walking toward the right curb. The car is in a store parking lot. They are facing the road. They are walking towards the right. They are far ahead of the car, They are on the left side of the car. pedestrians have right of way in the parking lot
Pedestrian is approaching cross walk. Pedestrian is entering store. Pedestrian is an adult. pedestrian is walking at normal pace.  road is in parking lot. road has high pedestrian traffic.  pedestrian is far from car. Pedestrian is crossing from left to right side of road. pedestrian is in road.  pedestrian is far from car. pedestrian will have enough time to cross before the car would reach the pedestrian. pedestrians path is perpendicular to the car's path. car is almost stopped. car is traveling slowly.  pedestrians in parking lots can be unpredictable. pedestrians in parking lots should be given the right of way. 
Target is standing. Shopping mall. Parking lot. Target is left of the road. Target is standing on the leftmost curb. Target is to the left of all road users..  Pedestrians in parking lots will expect drivers to yield to them even if it is not an intersection. 
Person is walking normal.  Car is in store parking lot. Person is on the sidewalk. Person is far from car. Person is left of car. 
He is walking in my lane. He is looking at my car.  This is a parking lot.  He is already on the road.  He is very close to my car.  
Target is walking.  Target is in the left lane. Target is walking to the right side of the road. Target is in front of the driver. Target is slightly left of driver's path.  
Person is walking fast. Person is with a child.   Person is in the street. Person is close to car. Person is in front of car. Car stops for person. Car let person cross in front.
There is a man. He is walking.  This is a parking lot. It is in front of a store.  He is in the road. He is on the left side.  He is in front of this car.  
Person is walking normally. They are male. Road is near a parking lot. Road has 2 lanes. They are near road. They are left of road.  They are far from car. They are left of car. 
Pedestrian is an adult road is in parking lot.  pedestrian is in road. Pedestrian is attempting to cross from left to right side of road.  car is far from pedestrian. Car is traveling slowly. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory. Car's trajectory would intersect cars trajectory. Pedestrian is attempting to cross from left sidewalk to right sidewalk.  Car is in parking lot. Pedestrians in parking lots can be unpredictable. Pedestrians should be given right of way regardless of  circumstances. 
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is near a parking lot. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is one step on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 30 meters from the driver. Person is one lane from driver path. 
The pedestrian is walking along the road.  Car is in a store parking lot. They are in the road. They are slowly walking on the left They are up ahead and to the left of the car. 
Pedestrian is a male. Pedestrian is walking right from the leftside of the road. Pedestrian has intent to cross the road  Parking lot and shopping mall so many pedestrians.  Pedestrian is on the curb of the leftmost lane. Pedestrian has intent to cross from left to right sidewalk of road. Pedestrian is in front and to the left of the driver. Pedestrian will walk in front of car when crossing road to the right. 
He is walking. He is faced away from the car. Parking lot. He is on the left side of the road. He is far from the car. 
They are walking along the road.  They are not looking at the store.  
He is walking at the left edge of the road. He is walking in the same direction as my car.  This is a parking lot.  He is on the road. He is in the left lane.  He is far from my car.  
  Person keeps walking on the road.  Let the person cross.
  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 4 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road.  Person is left of the driver. Person is 20 meters from the driver. Person is 5 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian begins to cross in front of car.  They are crossing the road to the right side. They are directly in front of the car. They are quickly walking to the right. 
He is faced toward the car.    
They are walking in a parking lot.  They are looking in the direction of the store.  
He started walking to the right side of the road. He signaled to cross the road.  This is a parking lot. He is on the road.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down as he signaled.  
He is walking.  He is in middle of the road.  He waved to the car to cross.
He crossed in front of the car.  He is on the right side of the road. He is to the right of the car. Driver slowed down for the pedestrian.
Pedestrian is slowly walking into lane. Vehicle is in a store parking lot. Pedestrian is a step into the road. On the left side of the road. Pedestrian is crossing at the same time as other pedestrians. 
Pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. In a store parking lot. Dark out side, lowering visibility. They are in the middle of the road. They are far ahead of vehicle. 
The pedestrian is walking in the road. They are crossing from the right of the car.  The car is in a store parking lot. They are in the road. They are far in front of the car. Yield to pedestrians in parking lots.
There is a person walking. They are walking towards the other side of the road.  This is a parking lot. This is right in front of stores.  They have just entered the road. They are on the right side of the road.  They are in front of this car.  
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is in a parking lot. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is in front of driver. Person is 40 meters from driver. Person is in driver path. 
Person is walking normally Road is one lane for each side. Person is in the middle of the road. Person is right in front of the car. 
Target is walking.  Parking lot. Shopping mall. Target is in the right lane. Target is walking from right to left across road.  Target is directly in front of driver. Target is walking to the left of driver.  
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is face to the left side of road. Parking lot. Pedestrian is on right side of road. Pedestrian is about three car lengths ahead of the car. 
Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrain is crossing.  road is in parking lot. Pedestrian is in road. pedestrians path is perpendicular to traffics path.  Car is far from pedestrian. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory. Car's trajectory would intersect pedestrians trajectory. car is traveling slow enough to not hit pedestrian.  pedestrians in parking lots are inattentive. Pedestrians in parking lots should be given right of way. 
They are in the street.  They are walking. They are facing the parking lot. 
He is walking on the road from the right side. He is looking at my car.  This is a parking lot.  He is already on the road.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  It's almost dark around. 
The pedestrian is quickly walking across the road.  They are in the roadway. Walking toward the left of the road. They are far from the front of the car. They have crossed in front of the car. They are to the left of the car. 
Pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian is paying attention. Pedestrian is looking forward.  Weather is rainy. Road apears to be wet.  Pedestrian is moderately far from car. Pedestrian's path is parallel to car's path. Pedestrians direction is opposite car's trajectory. Pedestrian is on right side walk.  Pedestrian is on right sidewalk. Car is not traveling fast. 
The pedestrian is walking along the sidewalk. He is not facing the road. The car is on a city road. He is to the right of the road. He is walking parallel to the road. He is to the right of the car. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 2 steps from the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking towards the driver. Person is right of the driver. Person is 30 meters from the driver. Person is 5 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian is walking in same direction as the car. City area. Dusk. Pedestrian is on right side of road. Pedestrain is about two car lengths from the car. 
  They are walking on the sidewalk. They are walking parallel to the road. 
Person is walking normally. They are male. Road has 6 lanes. Traffic signal ahead. They are near the road. They are on sidewalk. They are right of road. They are near car. They are right of car. 
There is a person walking.  It is getting dark out.  They are on the sidewalk. They are about to enter the crosswalk that is in the road.  They are to the right of this car. If the car turns, they will cross its path.  
He is walking on the right sidewalk. He is looking at my car.  My car is entering a parking lot.  He is at the left edge of the road.  My car is slowing down. He is close to my car.  
Pedestrian is walking.  Pedestrian is on right sidewalk. Pedestrian is right of driver. 
Pedestrian slowing down. Dark out. Lowers visibility. Pedestrian on sidewalk. On right side of road. Pedestrian moving in direction of vehicle. 
The pedestrian has waved the car passed.   They are standing to the left of the car. target and car communicate intent through gestures.
Person is standing. Driver is at a crosswalk. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 1 step from the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 10 meters from the driver. Person is 5 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian starts to slow down.   Car makes a slow turn. Pedestrian waves at the car to allow the car to cross.
Person waived hand to let the car go.   Person is near car. They are in front of car. Person let car go.
    The pedestrian gave the driver a hand signal to go ahead. So, the pedestrian did not cross the cars path. 
He is standing on the left side of the road. He is looking at my car. He is waving hand  and asking me to go first.  My car is taking right turn to enter a parking lot.  He is standing on the left sidewalk.  He is very close to my car.  Moving car goes ahead if the pedestrian signals to go first. 
Pedestrian is standing.  Pedestrian is on right sidewalk. Pedestrian is directly in front of driver. Pedestrian waved on driver to let him make turn.
    Pedestrian waving on car to pass.
Not sure of person's waking speed.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is close to the road. Can not tell walking path of the person. Person is left of the car. Person is two lanes from the driver's path. 
Pedestrians are standing still. No crosswalk in road. Road is wide. Pedestrians are 1 step from road. Pedestrians are facing straight across road. Pedestrians are 2 lanes from car. Pedestrians are not moving. 
They are standing. There is no crosswalk.  They are on the road. They are facing the road.  They are on the left.  If they want to cross, they will wait for a break in traffic to cross. 
Two people are standing. An intersection is up ahead. They are on left side of road. They are far from the car. Car is moving fast. They may run to cross. No other car is in their way. 
Two kids are standing by the side of the road. They are facing the road. They want to cross. There is a median.  It is cloudy.   They are on the sidewalk. They are on the left side of the road. They are wanting to cross to the right side of the road.  They are near oncoming traffic. They are on our left. They are far from our car.   Our car is moving pretty quick.  When there are multiple lanes of traffic with cars, people are less likely to cross. 
There are two pedestrians. They are both adult males. They are facing the road. They are standing. They are facing perpendicular of the road. There are businesses. There are apartment buildings. There is a stop light. They are on the left sidewalk. They are one foot away from the road.  They are on the left side of driver. They are 8 feet away from the vehicle in the left lane.  
 The road is wet. The people are on the sidewalk. They are near the left side of the road. They are far from this car. 
Two people with intent to cross road. Busy city street with cloudy conditions. Middle lane divider. They are on sidewalk on the left side of road. They on the left of car in the opposite lane. The street is too busy to cross. Car should slow for people.
The pedestrians are standing. There are five traffic lanes. There is a median separating the lanes. They are standing in the road. They are starting to cross. The pedestrians are on the far side of the road. They are not close to this car. 
Person is jogging The road has a median Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 4 steps from a median. Person is walking to the median. Person is to the left of the driver. Person is walking towards the driver path. Person is 7 steps from the driver path. 
They are looking at me. They are male. They are young adults. They slowed their walking speed.  There is a median.  They are approaching the median.  They are nearby. Since I have not slowed my speed, they will wait on the median to cross. 
They have started running. Traffic light is red. Car is far from the intersection. They are on left side of oncoming lane. Car is moving fast. They will not be able to make it in time. They are running slowly. 
The people start to run across the street. They seem to be young.  They are on the left side of the road. They are walking towards the right sidewalk. The people are to the left of this car. This car has slowed down. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly.  In a campus area. At a crosswalk. Crosswalk sign Pedestrian is a step off the side of road. On the right side of road. Pedestrian is approaching other vehicles. They are close to other vehicles. 
Pedestrian is faced to the left side of road. Pedestrian is walking. Crosswalk. City area. He is on the right side of the road. He is to the right of the silver car. 
There is a person walking a dog.  There is a cross walk.  They are on the right side of the road. They are standing right next to the cross walk.  They are on the right side of the car. The car in front is breaking.  
They are walking on the right sidewalk. They are walking to the crosswalk.  There is a crosswalk ahead.  They are close to the road.  They are close to my car. My car is slowing down due to the traffic ahead.  
Person is not walking. Person is male. Person is waiting. Road has 2 lanes. Road has intersection. Road has crosswalk. Person is near road. Person is on sidewalk. Person is right of road. Person is near car. Person is right of car. Person is near another car. Let the person cross.
Person is standing. Driver is at a crosswalk. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is one step from the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 15 meters from the driver. Person is 5 steps from the driver path. 
The pedestrian is standing at the crosswalk. The car is driving on a city road. They are standing at the side of the road. They are facing the road. They are to the right of the car. Watch for pedestrians in crosswalk
Pedestrians are waiting at crosswalk entrance.  road is a busy city street.  Pedestrians are about to walk through the crosswalk. pedestrians path is perpendicular to the cars path.  pedestrian is to the right of car. pedestrian is about to walk in front of car.  
They are walking. They are in a cross walk. They are close to the road.  
Target is male. Target is standing.  Traffic signal. Crosswalk. Target is standing on the right sidewalk.  Target is to the right of the driver.  
He stopped. The car stopped for pedestrians to cross.   
Person is walking fast.  Person is on the right side of the road. Person is one step on the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 10 meters from the driver. Person is 3 steps from driver path. 
The pedestrian rushes to cross the road. They are walking a dog.  They are crossing the road. They are crossing in front of car. 
They are standing.  They are on the sidewalk.  
Target is walking.  Target is walking from right to left across road at crosswalk.  Target is walking directly in front of driver.  Target saw driver yield to another pedestrian crossing the road at the crosswalk and started walking across. 
They are standing.    
They are walking quickly.  They are in a cross walk. They are crossing paths with another person. 
He ran across in front of the car.  He is now on the right side of the road. He is to the left of the car. Car stopping for pedestrians.
The pedestrian is in the crosswalk. She is walking towards right curb. The car is on a city road. The car is approaching the crosswalk. She is actively crossing the road. She is in the crosswalk. She is walking toward the cars in front of the car. Pedestrians in the cross walk have the right of way
She is walking on the crosswalk. She is looking at the moving cars.  There is a crosswalk ahead.  She is already on the road.  She is close to my car. My car is stopping as the front car stopped.  
Person is walking normally. They are female. 
 Road has 2 lanes. There is a crosswalk. 
 They are on road. They are in left lane.
 They are near car. They are left of car.  They are in front of another car.
 
Pedestrian is walking into cross walk. Pedestrian should be allow to cross.  Pedestrian has right of way with traffic signals.  Pedestrian has signal to cross.  pedestrian is on the left corner of sidewalk. Pedestrian is crossing from the left sidewalk to the right sidewalk.  Car is traveling slowly through cross walk. Car in front of car may cross in front of pedestrian. Pedestrian should be allow to cross.  Pedestrian should be allow to cross. 
Pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. Crosswalk. Campus area. Pedestrian is in the left lane. Pedestrian is walking close to other vehicles. They are crossing in front of the vehicle. 
They are walking.  They have stepped on the cross walk. It is at an intersection. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Driver is at a crosswalk. Driver is near a parking lot. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 3 steps on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 25 meters from the driver. Person is 10 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrian is a women. Traffic signal.  Pedestrian is in the left lane. Pedestrian is on crosswalk. Pedestrian is to the left of driver. 
This person is walking. They have already started to cross.  There is a crosswalk. The car ahead is breaking.  They are in the road. They are on the left side of the road.  They are in front of this car. They are to the left of the car ahead.  
Pedestrian is walking. She is faced to the right side of the road. Traffic intersection with crosswalk She is on the left side of the road. She is ahead of the silver car. Pedestrians using the crosswalk.
Person continues walking in crosswalk. 
   The car stopped. Traffic moving slow. Let the person cross in crosswalk.

She crossed in front of the car. Car stopped for the pedestrain She is on the right side of the road. She is to the right of the car. 
Pedestrian is standing still.  Pedestrian has no indications of crossing.   Crosswalk in front of car.  Storefront. 2 lanes.     Pedestrian is to the right of the road.   They are standing in parking lot.  Pedestrian is to the right of the car.  Vehicle in front has break lights on   Pedestrians have right away. 
the pedestrian is standing still at the end of a row of parking. they are watching the traffic and the driver waiting for a clear path to cross.  the road is extremely wide for a shopping center. There is a crosswalk although the pedestrian is not standing at the crosswalk and doesn't appear to want to use the crosswalk.  they are standing still at the edge of the road.  they are about 30 feet in front of the driver at the right-side edge of the driver's lane.  Even though the pedestrian is not at the crosswalk, drivers should usually let pedestrians cross from the parking area to the hobby lobby. 
Pedestrian is stopped, showing no indication of moving forward. There is a crosswalk in front of the vehicle. The front doors to the store are to the left of the vehicle. The parking lot is to the right.  Pedestrian is in the parking lot, a step away from the road.  Pedestrian is to the right of the vehicle's lane. The vehicle in front has their break lights on.  
A person standing on right. She is looking at car. The road is on parking lot of shopping mall. She is on right side. Car is moving slowly. She is 3 meters ahead. Cars yield to waiting people in parking lot.
The woman is across from store entrance. She is stopped as cars pass. My car is in the parking lot. She is in the middle of street. She is exiting the parking lot.  She is in the middle of parking lot. Pedestrians have the right away in parking lots. 
He is standing and looking at my car.  This is a parking lot.  He is at the right edge of the road.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down due to traffic ahead.  Cars yield to pedestrians in a parking lot. 
A middle-age man is standing on the side of the road. He is looking at our car.  There is a cross walk in front of our car.  We are in a parking lot.  They are on the right side of the road. They are crossing to the left side of the road.  They are near cars with their brake lots on. They are on the right side of our car. They are still far from our car.  
Pedestrian is a middle aged woman. She is standing She is in store parking lot. There is a crosswalk She is to the right of road. She in two steps away from entering road. She is crossing from right side of road to left side.   She is to the right of driver. She us 5 car lengths in front of driver. She is 7 ft to the right of driver. 
Person is standing still. Person is facing across road. Crosswalk is near person. Driver is in parking lot. Driver is near store entrance. Person is 1 step from road. Person is not walking. Person is 1 lane from car. Person is not moving. 
The pedestrian is standing. They are a woman.  Shopping area. Parking lot on the right side. Crosswalk in front of the car. They are on the right side of the road. They are in the parking aisle. They are close to the car. They are on the right side of the car. The pedestrian is watching the car to see if the car slows to let her cross.
The pedestrian is an adult woman. She is standing on the side of the driving path. This is a parking lot. There is a large store to the left of the car. The parked cars are on the right of the car. There is a cross walk between the car and the pedestrian. She is waiting to cross. She is on the side of the driving path. She is waiting to cross. Other vehicles have just passed her. Most cars will stop at a crosswalk even if a pedestrian is on the other side of it.
Hand raised.  Pedestrian begins walking.    They are walking into the road from parking lot.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  She raised hand to indicated walking in front of car.  
once the driver slowed, the pedestrian waved to thank them and let them know they intended  
 to cross. they started walking to the left to cross in front of the vehicle.   they just stepped into the road and start walking at an average pace across to the left.  they are about 30 feet in front of the driver and walking towards the left to cross.  
The pedestrian hand signaled they were going to resume walking.   She started walking into the road. Her walking path trajectory has now began to cross in front of the car. 
Person is walking slowly.  Person is 1 step into road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is moving quick relative to driver. Person is 1 car length from driver. Driver yields to pedestrians in parking lots.
`They have started walking.  Their walking path is clear since the car stopped. They are in front of the car. The pedestrian waves a hand indicating a 'thank you" to the car for slowing down to let her cross.
The pedestrian is stopped. She is an older adult female. This is a retail parking lot. There are cars parked behind the pedestrian to the right of the car. There is a large store on the left of the car. They are on the side of the driving path. They are on the right side of the car. They are not far from the car. Another vehicle just passed them in the driving path. Pedestrians can cross in a parking lot.
They are standing.  This is a parking lot.  They are facing the road. They are on the road.  They are far ahead. They are 100 feet away. They are closer to the car in front of me. 
This woman is standing still.  She is standing on the left shoulder of the road. The woman is looking at the other car. She looks at the car. 
The pedestrian is walking in a parking lot. She is walking from the parked cars.  This is a parking lot. Parked cars are to the left of the car. A field is to the right of the car. She is walking toward the driving path. The car in front of this car is moving slowly. This car is not close to the pedestrian. 
They are a middle-aged female. they are walking at a fast pace.  They are on the left side of the road. they are a step from the curb. They are on the left side of the car. they are about 15 meters from the car  
Person is standing still. No crosswalk in road. Driver is near parking lot. Person is 3 steps from parking spot. Person is facing across road. Person is 1 car length from car.  
Person is standing still waiting to cross. School parking lot on sunny day. Person is standing in road on the left side. Person is standing on the near traffic. School zone. Cars should yield to people.
A middle-aged woman is facing the street. She is waiting to cross. We are in a parking lot area. She is on the edge of the road. She is on the left side of the road.  She is far from our car. She is on the left side of our car. The car ahead of us is stopped with its brake lights on.  
Person is standing. Person is facing to the right. Parking is to the left Person is on the left side of the road. Person is to the left of the driver. Person is many steps from driver path. Person is not moving towards driver. 
Adult female. They are standing. They are facing the road. They are facing perpendicular of the driver. There is a park. There is a parking lot. the weather is sunny. They are on the road. They are one foot on the road. They are one foot away from the left side curb. They are 35 feet away from the vehicle. They are on the left side of the vehicle. They are 25 feet away of vehicle ahead of driver. They are 18 feet away from another pedestrian. 
They started walking.   They are crossing to the right.   Since I am stopped, they waited for the car in front to pass before crossing. 
The woman walks to the left.  The woman walks across the road. The woman is on the left shoulder of the road. The woman is far away from this car. The woman waits for the other car to pass. 
Person is walking fast.   Person is in middle of road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 4 car lengths from driver. Since driver is stopped, person will cross because they are not stopping traffic.
Person walked briskly across the road.   Person is on the right side of the road. Person is one step from getting off the road. Person is heading right. Person is right of the driver. Person is far from the driver. Person is moving quickly away from driver. Another person crossed in front of driver, so the focus person also crossed.
An older lady is walking into the road. She is walking slowly and steadily.  She intends to cross. We are in a parking lot.  She is stepping into the road. She is in the opposite lane of traffic.  She is on the left side of the road. She is a distance from our car. She is on the left side of the road.  She is near a stopped car. If there is a stopped car, people will be more likely to cross. Pedestrians will randomly cross near a parking lot.
They are about to walk. They are facing the road. They are female. This is a parking lot. There is no crosswalk.  They are walking towards the road.  They are on the left.  Since the car in front is stopping, they will cross in front of me. 
Person is walking slowly. Person is facing in front of driver. No crosswalk in road. Driver is in parking area. Person is 2 steps from parking spot. Person is walking straight across road. Person is 1 lane from car. Person is moving faster than car. People often cross in front of cars that are stopped.
This person seems tired as their back is a bit hunched. They are walking slowly.  They are on the left side of the road. They are crossing to the grass on the right. They are close  to the car. They are walking towards this car. This car is going slowly. 
The woman is looking at the car. She is walking. It is a parking lot. The woman is on oncoming lane. Car is almost stopped. Car ahead is slowing down. Cars yield to people in parking lot.
Adult female. They are facing the road. They are walking. They have intentions of walking across the road. There is a park. There is a parking lot. They are in the road. They are two feet away from parking spaces. They are two feet in the road.  They are 10 feet away from the vehicle. They are 6 feet away from the vehicle ahead of the driver.  
Person is walking slow. Person is speeding up. Driver is near a parking lot. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 7 steps from the road. Person will walk to the right side of the road. Person is left of driver. Person is 20 meters from driver. 
Woman is walking slowly to cross. School parking lot on clear day. Woman is walking on the left side in road. She is on the left near car and car. Car should yield to person in parking lot.
The pedestrian is walking upright. She is an older adult female. This is a parking lot. There are cars parked to the left of the car. There is a field to the right. She is on the left side of the car. She is not in the driving path. She is walking toward the driving path. She is going to cross. There is a vehicle in front of this car. It is passing her now. She is close to this car. The pedestrian is in a parking lot. A car will let a pedestrian pass if they have waited for another vehicle to pass.
The person walks a bit faster and flips their hair. They know the driver is watching them.  They are in the middle of the road. They are walking to the grass on the right. They are in front of this car. This car has slowed down to a stop. 
The woman is walking out of the store towards the left. She is looking at the oncoming lane first and is already walking into the roadway. She's likely to assume the traffic will stop for her and cross in front of the vehicle.  The road is a two-lane road  in front of a shopping center with a parking lot on the opposite side. There isn't a crosswalk, but there's a fire lane on the right side.  She is already one step into the right side of the road, walking to the left.  The woman is about 30 feet in front of the driver and on the right edge of the driver's path.  Vehicles will usually stop for pedestrians at these large stores with parking areas across the street. 
Pedestrian is a middle aged woman. She is walking. She is looking in both directions of traffic.  Pedestrian is in a parking lot. There is a crosswalk.  She in on the side of the road. She is walking into the road.  She is in front of and to the right of the vehicle  Yield to pedestrians and drive slow in parking lots. 
They are looking the other way. They are in a hurry. storefront They are in the road. They are crossing.  They are close to car. Car is moving slowly. 
She is walking. She is faced toward the left. Parking lot. Clear weather. Good road conditons. She is on the right side of road. She is ahead of the car. 
Pedestrian walking from right.  They are not looking at traffic. Fire lane on right side in front of store.   They are just off curb about two steps. Four car lengths ahead of car.  In store parking lot. Car reduce speed in parking lots. Pedestrians have right of way.
Pedestrian is looking at traffic.  Pedestrian is stopped  Kohls storefront.  fire lane.   Pedestrian is a step in the road.  Pedestrian in fire lane.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.   
There is a person walking at a normal pace. She looks older. The location looks like a shopping mall. She has just stepped onto the road.  The cars are supposed to give way to the pedestrians.
she is caring bags, close to the shopping mall entrance, walking slow. the road is in front of the shopping mall she is on the right side of the road, close to the shopping mall entrance she is far from the car, there are no other pedestrians on the car's way slow driving in front of the shopping mall.
The pedestrian will cross the road. He is carrying heavy things.  This is a parking lot. The car is slow   
The woman stopped suddenly after looking to the left and seeing the driver approaching. She is standing in the fire lane watching the traffic. She could still go if traffic stops and leaves space for her to cross.   She is standing in the fire lane on the right side of the roadway. She is about 25 feet in front of the driver and standing on the right edge of the driver's path.  
They saw car. They stopped.    
She saw the car and stops.    She raises her hand to the driver to cross. The driver stops for the pedestrian.
Pedestrian did hand gestures and starting crossing.  She has stepped into fire lane. Car has slowed down and come to a stop. 
Pedestrian hand raises.  Pedestrian begins walking.  Parking lot.  Storefronts.  fire lane.   Pedestrian is in fire lane.  Pedestrian is very close to car.  Pedestrian is in front of car.   
After the driver and the oncoming traffic came to a stop, the woman waved to indicate that she would cross. Then she stepped forward to start walking to the left.   The woman is standing on the right edge of the roadway and is taking a step towards the left to start crossing.  She is equidistant from the oncoming traffic and the driver, about 15 feet in front of each.  
They acknowledge car. They start moving.    
He is walking slowly. His body is turned towards side walk and parking lot. Strip mall area. Fire lane. Parking lot on left. He is walking out of the store. He is walking on a sidewalk. He is on the right side of the road.  Pedestrian and car are close in distance.  Car is slowing down. Pedestrian to the left of him is standing in fire lane.  
pedestrian is looking away moving slowly 
pedestrian is elderly male fire lane outside of shopping center still on sidewalk far enough in to choose to walk on it instead of cross
pedestrian is one meter from road pedestrian is 15 meters away from car 
The man is slowly walking at an angle towards the roadway. There is already a woman stopped waiting for traffic to stop or clear before crossing. The man could stop and wait or walk along the sidewalk without crossing.  There's a no parking zone or fire lane along the right side of the road near the store front and a large parking lot to the left. There isn't a crosswalk at the entrance to the store.  The man is on the sidewalk slowly walking at an angle towards the roadway. He is a coupe of steps away from the roadway.  He is about 30 feet in front of the driver and about six feet from the edge of the driver's path. He is a couple steps behind the woman who is already stopped and waiting.  Even with a crosswalk, vehicles will often stop for pedestrians to cross. 
He is older person, slow walking, male,  it is a shopping mall. He is near entrance/exit of the shopping mall on the right side. he is far, there is one other person in the car's way. No parking and slow drive near shopping malls. 
Pedestrian is walking on right side. car is slow   
Pedestrian is walking slowly. Kohls storefront.  fire lane.  Parking lot.   Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is next to road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  
person is standing. person seems in his late 60s.   person is far from road. person is near other people. person is far from driver. this car is going slow. other cars are stopping.  
They are not looking at car. They are moving very slowly. They are stopping. They are old. They are moving lethargically. Storefront They are crossing. They are not in road. They are close to car. They are close to others. Others are moving slowly. Car is moving slowly. 
He is walking. He is faced forward.  Parking lot. He is on the right side of the road. He is next to the building. 
There is a person walking at a slow pace. He looks older. The location is a shopping mall. There is a parking lot on the left side of the car. He is on the right side of the road. He is on the curb. There is another lady trying to cross the road. She has already stepped onto the road. She looks like she is waiting for the cars from both directions to pass. There is oncoming traffic and ongoing traffic. The cars are supposed to give way to the pedestrians.
The person is walking slow. The road is narrow. The place is in a busy mall. He is far from the road. He is on the curb. He is far from this car. The car has stopped for other pedestrians. Other person waived to let the car go. when in front of stores, cars should slow down.
pedestrian is stopped  pedestrian is on sidewalk at edge  pedestrian waved car to continue
After the woman crossed, the man stopped and waited. He's standing on the edge of the sidewalk. He started to wave for the traffic to go indicating he doesn't intend to cross.   He is standing on the edge of the sidewalk to the right of the roadway.  He is about 15 feet in front of the driver and standing on the edge of the road.  
He give a signal to car driver to keep driving.  He is close to the road, on the sidewalk, right side. Very close to the car.  
Pedestrian is standing still. He is waving to vehicle. Vehicle is in a parking lot  Pedestrian is on the curb on the right side of the road  Pedestrian is in front of and to the right of vehicle  Yield in parking lots. 
pedestrian gestures for car to move.    
Pedestrian waving car on.  Pedestrian standing still.    Pedestrian is a step from the road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is right of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.  
person is signaling this car to drive.   he is observing other cars. 
He is faced toward the left side of the road.    
He is stopped. He did not cross. The car made a complete stop for the pedestrians.   He waved his hand to allow the car to pass first.
There is a person walking at a normal pace. He looks like he is mid-aged. The location is a shopping mall. There is a parking lot on the left side of the car. He is on the right side of the car. He is on the curb. He just stepped out of the store.  
Pedestrian is walking out of store.  Store front area. They are coming out of the store. They are about 5 ft from the road.  The pedestrian in front waved car to move forward. Car is at a stop.Car and pedestrian are close in distance.  
the pedestrian is male, older, walking slow it is a parking lot he is close to the entrance of the mall he is far from the car, one other pedestrian is on the car's way slow driving
They are not looking at car. They are walking slowly. Storefront They are approaching road. They are not in road. They are moderately close to car. Man is waiting to cross. They are moderately close to man. Car is stopped. 
Pedestrian is walking out store doors.  Pedestrian is walking slowly.   Kohls storefront.  Parking lot.  Fire lane.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is far from road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   
pedestrian is on far right of car    This is a parking lot. car is slow,
The man only just stepped out of the store on the right. He's still 10 feet or so from the roadway, and the driver started to accelerate after the man nearer to the road waved for the driver to go.  There is a no parking lane on the right side of the street. There's a large department store on the right and a large parking area to the left.  They're about 10 feet from the edge of the road and casually walking to the left toward the road.  They're about 10 feet in front of the driver and about 10 feet to the right of the driver's lane.  Even without any stop signs or crosswalks, vehicles will usually slow or stop to let pedestrians cross. 
Pedestrian is walking. He is faced to the left side of road. Parking lot. He is on the right side of the road. He is to the left of the car. 
The man is walking slowly. He just walked out of a shopping center  There is a crosswalk. Vehicle is in a parking lot.  He is far from the road. He is on the sidewalk.  He is ahead of and to the left of the vehicle  Yield to pedestrians. Vehicle is in a parking lot 
He is walking perpendicular to the car.   Car is moving faster than him. 
There is a lady. She is an adult. She looks like a college student. She is walking at a normal pace. The location looks like a campus. There is a parking lot on the left side of the car. She is on the curb. She is on the right side of the car.  
the pedestrian is on the parking lot, near tree, male, walking slow it is a parking lot he is on the sidewalk, near tree he is far from the car, no other people are on the car's way slow driving
Pedestrian is walking moderately.  Crosswalk.  Parking lot.  Cloudy.   Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
Pedestrian is standing at the right side of the road.  This is a parking lot. There is a cross walk  The car is slow.  
He is walking.  There is no crosswalk in front of him. In a parking lot.  He is on the sidewalk. The sidewalk is next to the road. He is walking to the road.  He is in front of the vehicle.  
person is standing. he is looking at the car. person is near a parking lot. person is far from road. person is near the curb. person is far from car. driver is driving slow.  
They are walking at a moderate pace.  Their body is facing opposite side of road. Parking lot area. He is on right side of road on sidewalk. He is walking from right side of road to left. He has a clear path to cross.  He is on right side of car. They are far in distance the car and pedestiran.  
The person is approaching the road on the right side. They're walking down a small hill toward the sidewalk. They likely will head towards the parking to the left at some point, but it's unclear if they'll cross immediately or stop or walk along the sidewalk.  There's a crosswalk immediately in front of the driver, but now where the pedestrian is approaching the road. There's a parking lot across the street from the pedestrian. It looks gloomy and the roadway looks wet.  They are about six feet away from the edge of the roadway and slowly approaching it.  They are about 50 feet in front of the driver and about six feet from the edge of the driver's lane, off to the right.  
They are moving slowly. They are not looking at car. Parking lot. They are approaching road. They are in grass. They are not on sidewalk. They are far ahead of car. Car is speeding up. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrain is faced to the left side of the road. Cloudy weather. Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. Pedestrian is far from the car. 
Pedestrian increases walking speed.  Crosswalk.   Pedestrian is a step from the road. Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrians have the right away.  Pedestrians should use crosswalk when crossing.  
She is walking  There is a crosswalk.  She is in the road  She is in front of vehicle 
person is walking slowly.   person is approaching the road. person is closer to the car. 
The person stopped once they reached the sidewalk to either let the driver pass, or see if the driver would stop. There's another crosswalk coming up that couldn't be seen before that the pedestrian could use.  There's a second crosswalk coming up that the pedestrian could use.  They are standing on the sidewalk about four feet from the edge of the road.  They are about 40 feet in front of the driver, standing still. They're facing across the road, but aren't looking at the driver.  
They are not looking at car. They abruptly moved. They are moving fast.  They are crossing. They are not in road. They are moderately close to car. Car is moving slowly. 
Pedestrian stopped. Driver reduces speed.    Pedestrian see the car.
As the driver approached the pedestrian, they decided to cross and stepped toward the roadway to begin crossing.   They are still a step away from the roadway, but started walking to the left to cross the road. They're about 10 feet beyond the crosswalk and aren't using the crosswalk to cross. They are walking to the left.  They are about 30 feet in front of the driver and about to step into the driver's path from the right.  
She is crossing.  She is in the middle of the road. She is close to the car. 
Pedestrians shoulders are turned towards parked car. They are slowly walking.  Residential area. Wide roads. Cars parked on right side of road.  They are on the right side of road. They are about two feet into the road.  Pedestrian and car are close in distance. Car is maintaining speed. Pedestrian is on right side of car.  
Target pedestrian walking normally. Neighborhood area. Side of road, facing toward the road. Close to this vehicle. Wait for car to pass.
The man stepped out from behind the red truck parked on the right side of the road. The house is under construction and the man could be someone doing work on the house. He might just turn and walk alongside the truck, but he could also mean to cross the road. It's a residential area without road markings.  The man is on the right edge of the lane and walking towards the middle of the road.  He is about 20 feet in front of the driver and directly in front of the parked truck. He is on the right edge of the driver's path and walking towards it.  
Pedestrian is a man. He is walking normally.  Vehicle is in a neighborhood  Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. He is walking toward the road.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the right of vehicle  
Pedestrian is walking moderately.   Residential area.  Parked car.  Median.  Cloudy.   Pedestrian is a few feet in road.  Pedestrian is in front of parked vehicle.  Pedestrian is right of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.  
construction worker is close to the car, walking slow, middle age  he is close to the truck on the right side he is close to the the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way 
person is walking slow. road is narrow.  person is near the curb. person is near a parked car. person is close to this car.  
pedestrian is walking on right side or road.   distance between car and person is less. 
There is a person walking. He is walking at a normal pace. He looks like a contractor. The location is a neighborhood. He is already on the road. He is on the right side of the car. 
They are walking briskly. They are a construction worker. They are currently working. Construction zone. They are walking towards road. They are in road. They are close to car. Car is moving moderately. They are very close to parked car. 
Pedestrian is walking. Urban area. Two lane road without markings. He is on the right side of road. He is next to the red truck. 
As the driver got closer, the man stopped and is waiting for the driver to go on before he moves any further.   He is standing still just on the edge of the roadway.  He is about 10 feet in front of the driver and standing on the edge of the driver's path, out of the way.  
Pedestrian stops walking.  Pedestrian sees car.     
  he is close to the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way  
Pedestrian saw the car and stopped. Pedestrian waved to allow car to pass.  He saw the car coming. 
Adult Male. They are facing the road. They are facing parallel to driver. Their body languages indicates they will cross the road. There is a cross walk. There is a parking lot. Pedestrian is 4 feet away from the road. They are on the right side sidewalk. They are 2 feet away from the right side curb of the road. They are on the right side of vehicle. They are 10 feet away from vehicle. They are 1 foot away from a female pedestrian. They are 12 feet away from pedestrians on left side of the road.  
Person is walking slowly. Person waved at driver. Crosswalk in road. Driver is in parking lot. Person is 2 steps from road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is next to person B. Person is 1 car length from driver. 
Person is walking slowly. Person is facing road. Crosswalk in road. Driver is in parking lot. Person is walking straight toward road. Person is 3 steps from road. Person is 1 car length from driver. Person is next to person B. Person will cross as a group with person B because person B waved to driver to cross road.
Male pedestrian getting ready to cross.  Crosswalk in front of car. Traffic sign in front of car. Pedestrian is walking in a parking lot.  Other pedestrians crossed. other cars are parked on the side of road. Car in front of vehicle. 
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is in a parking lot. Driver is at a crosswalk. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 3 steps from the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of driver. Person is 15 meters from driver. Other people were already crossing the road.
Man is walking quickly towards road. Car is stopped at a crosswalk. Car is in a parking lot. Man is on right sidewalk walking towards road. Man is walking into road with other pedestrians.Car is stopping for pedestrians.  Pedestrians are not using crosswalk. Car should slow near crosswalks.
The pedestrian is an older male. He is walking slowly.  This is a parking lot. There is a crosswalk in front of the car. It is between the car and the pedestrian. He is walking toward the road. He two or three steps from the road. He is on the sidewalk. There is a woman walking with him. This car is close to him. The car will allow a pedestrian to pass when a crosswalk is between them.
An old man is walking towards the road.  he is a concert goer. He is not slowing his walk. There is a crosswalk.  We are in a parking lot.  He is on the sidewalk. He is facing the road.  he is on the right side of the road. He wants to cross to the left side of the road.  He is on the right side of our car. He is a distance from our car. Our car is moving slow. People will often cross in parking lots. Pedestrians tend to have the right-of-way. 
The person is older, judging from their white hair. They walk at a casual pace. This is a parking lot. They are to the right of the road. They are walking to the left patch of grass. This car is still. There are other people who have crossed the road. The people are to the left. The person is to the right of this car. The person waves, thanking the driver for stopping.
They are walking. They are not looking. They are male. There is a parking lot nearby. There is a crosswalk.  They are on the sidewalk. They are walking towards the road.  They are on the right. They are 30 feet ahead.  Since this is a parking lot, pedestrians may cross without looking. 
The pedestrian is walking to cross the road. They look elderly and might walk slower.  There is a crosswalk. They are on the right side of the road. They are to the right of the car. 
Man is walking quickly to cross. Parking lot. Car is stopped at a crosswalk. Man is on the right curb walking towards street. Man is walking close with a woman. Man in front of car to the right on curb. Pedestrians will have right of way in parking lots.
  This person is on the right-most lane of the road. This vehicle is stopped to let the person cross. They are directly in front of this car. There is a woman following behind him. 
Adult female. They are facing the road. They are facing parallel of the vehicle. They are indicating they are going to cross the road with their body language. There is a crosswalk. There is a parking lot. The weather is sunny. They are 6 feet away from the road. They are 4 feet away from the curb. They are walking on the right side sidewalk. They are on the right side of vehicle. They are 15 feet away from vehicle. They are 20 feet away from pedestrians on left side the road. They are 2 feet away of a pedestrian.  
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is at crosswalk. Driver is in parking lot. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 5 steps from the road. Person will walk to the left side of the road. Person is right of the driver. Person is 15 meters from the driver. Other pedestrians are already crossing.
The person walks with a relaxed stroll. They walk at a fair speed.  They are on the right sidewalk. They are walking to the right. They are in a group with other people. They are to the left of this car. People are more willing to cross the road in herds.
A middle-aged woman is walking toward the street. We are in a parking lot. There is a crosswalk.  She is on the right side of the road on the sidewalk. She is facing the street. She is walking toward the street. She wants to cross to the left side of the road . She is near our car. She is on the right side of our car.  other pedestrians just crossed. When there are lots of pedestrians, people are more likely to cross.  Especially when others are also crossing.
Pedestrian is an older woman. She is walking upright. She is walking slowly. This is a parking lot. There is a crosswalk between her and this car.  She is walking toward the road. She is about 4 steps from the road. She is almost on the sidewalk. She is close to the car. There is a pedestrian walking beside her. He is closer to the car.  A car will let a pedestrian pass if there is a crosswalk between it and the pedestrian.
They are female. They are walking. They are with a man. They are looking. There is a crosswalk. There is a parking lot. There are other pedestrians nearby. They are on the sidewalk. They are approaching the road. They are walking to the left.  They are on the right. They are 40 feet away.  Since they are with a person who is not looking and this is a parking lot, this car should allow the pedestrians to pass. 
there is a pedestrian. they are a middle-aged female. they are walking a slow steady pace. there is a crosswalk they are on the sidewalk. they are on the right side. they are 10 meters ahead on the right side of the car. 
The person keeps walking without even looking at the driver. The person seems to be an older woman.  The person is on the right part of the road. They are walking to the parking lot to the left. They are near other people. They are in front of this car. 
Pedestrian is looking to cross.  She has a slow walking pace.  Shopping mall area.  Parked cars on left, stores on right.  Large pedestrian crosswalks.   Pedestrian is walking to end of sidewalk.  She is a safe distance from road on right side.  Lots of parked cars. Pedestrian is a distance away. Speed is appropriate.   Pedestrian has the right of way. 
Pedestrian is standing still.   Outlet mall.  Crosswalk.  No parking/fire lane.   Pedestrian is to right of road.  They are on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is quite some distance from car.  Pedestrian is right of car.  Car is maintaining speed.   
The is a woman standing upright. She is looking toward the road. It is a parking lot of a shopping center. She seems to be coming out of a store. She is on the sidewalk. She is far from the other cars and far from this car. It is expected that if someone is coming out from a store near a parking lot, they will cross. 
Pedestrian is younger female. She is standing. She is waiting to cross.  There is a crosswalk. They are in a store parking lot  She is on sidewalk on the right side of road She is one step onto sidewalk. She is facing left to cross  She is 5 car lengths away from driver. She is 4 ft to the right of driver. There is a van coming from opposite direction.  
the pedestrian is standing perfectly still on the sidewalk in front of the stores on the right side. there's a steady stream of oncoming traffic, so they'll likely wait for traffic to clear before crossing.  there is a crosswalk although the pedestrian is not using it. the roadway is quite wide for just two lanes of traffic.  they are standing still on the sidewalk on the left-hand side of the roadway.  they are about 100 feet in front of the driver and are stationary.  sometimes vehicles will stop for pedestrians crossing in shopping areas. although they are less likely to stop when pedestrians aren't using designated crosswalks. 
Pedestrian is standing.   Strip mall.  Cross walk.  No parking.  2 lane road.   Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   Pedestrian is a little ahead of car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
Person is facing the street. Yield for cross walk. Person is close to the street. Person is far from car. Drive slowly in parking lots. Be ready for people to walk in front of car.
He is standing and looking at the moving car.  This is a parking lot.  He is close to the road.  He is far from my car. My car is slowing down.  
Pedestrian is an adult woman. They are standing. They are facing the parking lot. Retail area. Crosswalk. Yellow curb. They are on the sidewalk. They are to the right of the road. They are near the curb. They are ahead of the car. The car maintains speed. They are waiting to use the crosswalk.
Person is standing still. Person is facing across road. Driver is in parking lot. Crosswalk not in road by person. Driver is near store entrance. Person is 1 step from road. Person is not walking. Person is 1 lane from car. Person is not moving. 
Pedestrian begins walking. Pedestrian wants to cross.     She has one foot into road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.   Driver becomes cautious when pedestrian steps into street.  
after the last vehicle in the oncoming lane passed, the pedestrian stepped into the road. they didn't appear to look the other way and see the driver though. although they want to cross, they  might still see the driver and stop and wait for the driver to pass.   they are still on the sidewalk, in the process of stepping down into the roadway on the right-hand side.  they are about 40 feet in front of the driver approaching the driver's path.  
Pedestrian begins walking.   Strip mall.  No parking.  Parking lot.   Pedestrian is a step into the road.   Pedestrian is slightly to right of car.  
Person is actively walking into the road.  Person has stepped into the street. They are on the street. Person is still far from car. 
They are walking towards the parking lot.   They are crossing the road. They are walking behind the last van of oncoming traffic. They are in front of the car. 
Person is walking slowly.   Person is 1 step into road. Person is walking straight across road. Person is moving slowly. Person is 1 lane from car. Driver will normally yield for person actively crossing the road in a parking lot.
After stepping into the road and noticing the driver, the pedestrian quickened into a jog to cross in front. it seems to confirm they didn't see the driver at first when they stepped into the road.   they are in the middle of the right lane crossing towards the left at a jog.  they are about 20 feet in front of the driver.  
The pedestrian begins jogging when the car approaches.   The car does not slow down for the pedestrian. The pedestrian picks up the pace so the car doesn't have to slow down.
Pedestrian begins walking. Pedestrian wants to cross.     She has one foot into road.    
A woman is walking diagonally. This is in front of the shopping mall entry. it is a parking lot area She's looking at the car. She's on the right side of road. She's coming out of shopping mall's door. The car is almost stopped. two people are crossing in front of the car. In parking lot area, cars usually wait for walking pedestrians.
They are walking to the road from the left side.  This is a parking lot off a shopping mall.  They are at the left edge of the road. There is no left sidewalk.  They are close to my car. My car is slowing down.  
People are walking normally. Road is 2 lanes. Road is in parking lot. They are near road. They are left of road. They will cross the road. They are near car. They are left of car. They are in front of car. They are near another car. Let the people cross in front.
There is a person walking. They are coming out of the store.  This is a parking lot. This is in front of a store.  They are far from the road. They are to the right of the road.  This car is in front of other road users. There are other people walking in front of the car.  
Pedestrians are on opposite side of street. Another car is crossing in front of pedestrians and between car. Road is in front of store. Parking lot traffic patterns can sometimes be unpredicatble.  Pedestrians are close to car. Pedestrian's path is perpendicular to the car's path.  Pedestrians are approaching entrance of store.  Store fronts and parking lots typically have high pedestrian traffic. Pedestrians are sometimes inattentive. Pedestrians are sometimes distracted. 
The people look like they are walking down the sidewalk. There is a person waiting on the side looking left and right.  The people are walking against the direction the car is going. there is a truck stopped ahead. There is a bigger car stopped going the opposite direction. The person is looking left and right.
They are walking. They are faced to the right side of the road. Parking lot. They are on the left side of the road. They are next to the black SUV. Slow speed in parking lot.
There are two people walking. They are headed towards the store. They are not looking towards the car.  This is a parking lot. This is in front of a store.  They are in the road. They are to the left side.  They are in front of  this car. They are to the left.  
A person is pulling a cart. The person is walking. It is a road in the parking lot in front of a shopping mall. The person is heading to the store from the parking lot. The person is on the left side of the road. The car is moving slow. The person is far from the car. Two person are in front of the car. They will cross. the car would have to stop then. 
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is in a parking lot. Person is on the left side of the road. Person is one step on the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. Person is 20 steps from driver path. 
Targets are walking. Targets are walking at an average pace. Shopping mall. Parking lot. Targets are to the left of the road. Targets are in the parking spaces. Targets are left of road users. Targets are going to walk in front of all road users. Pedestrians in shopping malls and parking lots will expect drivers to yield to them. 
They are waiting for the car to pass  They are in a parking lot.  
Pedestrians are walking at a normal pace. Vehicle is in a store parking lot. They are a step into the road. They are on the left side of the road. They are heading towards another vehicle. Social norm, even with no crosswalk you still let the pedestrian pass.
The pedestrians are walking to the right. They are facing the store. Car is in a store parking lot. They are walking in the roadway.  They are walking near cars. They are ahead to the left of the car. watch for pedestrians in parking lots 
People are walking normally.  People are on the road. People are near car.  
Pedestrians are very far from car. 

Pedestrians are walking.

Pedestrians are two adults.

Pedestrians and car are in parking lot Road is dry.

Weather is sunny and clear.

Car and pedestrians are in parking lot with high pedestrian traffic.

There is no marked cross walk.  Pedestrians are crossing parking lot to enter store front. Pedestrians are very far away from car. 

There is another car between the pedestrians and the car.

Pedestrians are very close to other car. 

Other car's path is not impeded by the pedestrians.  Pedestrians have right of way in parking lot. 

Pedestrians in parking lots are erratic. 

Pedestrians in parking lots typically aren't paying attention. 
They are crossing.  They are in middle of road. They are ahead of the car. Driver reduces speed for pedestrians.
  Person is on the road. Person is 5 steps from the left side of the road. Person is walking to the left side of the road.  Person is left of the driver. Person is 20 meters from the driver. Person is 10 steps from the driver path. 
  Targets are on the right side of the road. Targets are directly in front of driver. 
They are walking.  They are facing the store.  
Pedestrians cross in front of the car.  They are in the road. they are walking to the right curb. They are to the right of the vehicle.  
Pedestrians are walking in front of car.   Pedestrians are very close to vehicle.  There are no cars between car and pedestrians.  
The people on the left side are looking to cross.  The people are right in front of the car. The previous target is out of the screen.  The people looked at the car.
The woman changed her walking direction. She keeps walking in changed direction.  She started to walk along the road.  The car moving very slow for two people. They are almost across. People walking along the road are less likely to cross.
The woman is still walking diagonally.  She is near road on right side. The car speeded up. The woman changed direction along the road. Others have finished crossing. The car will not wait for her. 
Pedestrians are crossing in front of car. Pedestrians are walking. Pedestrians are adults.   Pedestrian path is perpendicular to car's path. Pedestrians are in the street. Pedestrians are crossing  in front of car. Pedestrians are in path of car. Pedestrians are entering store.  Pedestrians are in front of car. Pedestrians are in car's path. Pedestrians are walking slowly.  
Pedestrian is standing. Parking lot. Pedestrian is on the right side of road. The pedestrian is ahead of and to the right of the car. 
Pedestrian is not moving. Vehicle is in a store parking lot. Pedestrian is standing on side of road. Pedestrian is to the right of vehicle.  
Women is standing. Parking lot. Department store. Women is on the sidewalk to the right of the road. Women is to the right of the driver. 
Pedestrian is adult. Pedestrian is standing still.  road is in a parking lot.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk. Pedestrian is facing road.  Pedestrian is on left sidewalk of vehicle.  pedestrians in parking lots are sometimes inattentive. pedestrians in parking lots have right of way. 
This person is standing. They are looking the opposite direction.  This is a parking lot. This is in front of a store.  They are not in the road. They are on the edge of the sidewalk. They are to the right of the road.  The person is to the right of this car.  
The pedestrian is standing still. She is waiting on the sidewalk. Car is in a parking lot. She is facing the road.  She is to the right of the car.  Pedestrians are given the right of way in parking lots.
Person is not walking. Person is looking somewhere. Person is a woman. Road has 2 lanes. Road is near parking lot. They are near road. They are on sidewalk. They are right of road. They are near car. They are right of car. 
He is standing on the right sidewalk. He is looking at the moving car.   He is close to the road.  He is far from my car.  
Person is standing. Driver is in a parking lot. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is one step from the road. Person is not moving. Person is right of the driver. Person is 20 meters from the driver. Person is 10 steps from driver path. 
She is still standing. Car maintains speed.  She is to the right of the car. 
The pedestrian is waiting on the curb.  She is standing still. She is to the right of the car. drive with caution in parking lots.
The pedestrians are slowly walking parallel with the road. The car is in a store parking lot. They are on the sidewalk facing away from the road. The pedestrians are to the right of the car. They are walking the opposite direction as the car. Watch for pedestrians in parking lots.
They are walking on the right sidewalk in the opposite direction of my car.  This is a parking lot.  They are far from the road.  They are far from my car.  
Target is a women. Target is walking. Shopping mall. Parking lot. Target is on the right sidewalk. Target is walking down sidewalk. Target is not walking towards road. Target is right of all road users. Target is not walking towards any road users. 
There are a couple people walking. They are walking towards the cars direction. They are not walking towards the road.  This is a parking lot. This is in front of a store.  They are on the sidewalk. They are to the right of the road.  They are to the right of the car.  
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is near a parking lot. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 7 steps from the road. Person is walking along the sidewalk. Person is right of the driver. Person is 30 meters from the driver. Person is 25 steps from driver path. 
The pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. Vehicle is in store parking lot. They are walking parallel to the road. They are walking towards the vehicle. 
pedestrians are far from car. pedestrains are on sidewlak. car is in parking lot.  pedestrians path is parallel to traffics path. Pedestrians path will not intersect traffic. pedestrians are very far from road.  pedestrian path is parallel to cars path. Pedestrians path will not intersect car's path.  
Person is walking normally. Person is a woman.  Road is 2 lanes. Road is near parking lot. Person far from road. They are on sidewalk. Person is right of road. Person is near car. Person is right of car. 
They are walking. They are faced toward car. Parking lot. They are on right of road. They are right of the car. 
They are too far away. They are not facing the road. Parking lot.  They are not close to the vehicle. 
Target is walking. Parking lot. Shopping mall. Target is to the left of the road. Target is walking towards the left side of the road to cross it.  Target is to the far left of the driver.  
Pedestrian is looking at phone. pedestrian is not paying attention. pedestrian is walking towards parking lot. Pedestrian shows no crossing intent.  Area is in front of store. Pedestrian is walking into parking lot.  pedestrian is on sidewalk. pedestrian is far from road.  pedestrian is far from car. pedestrian is to the right of the car. Pedestrians path is not clear.  pedestrians in parking lots are inattentive. pedestrians in parking lots are unpredictable.
He is walking on the right sidewalk. He is walking slowly.  This is a parking lot.  He is far from the road.  He is far from my car.  
It is hard to see the person.   The person is on the side with the store entrance. 
They are walking slowly.  They are not looking across the road. They are near the store exit. 
Pedestrian is walking. He is faced to the left side of road. Parking lot. He is on the right side of road. He is to the right of car. 
Unsure of person's walking speed. Driver is in a parking lot. Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 10 meters from the road. Unsure of person's walking path. Person is right of the driver. Person is 30 meters from the driver. Person is 20 steps from driver path. 
The target is stationary. They are far from the curb. They are facing away from the road. The car is in a store parking lot. They are far from the curb. They are facing away from the road. They are to the far right of the car. yield to pedestrians in the crosswalk.
Pedestrian is standing. Parking lot. Department stores. Pedestrian is right of the road. Pedestrian is directly right of driver. Pedestrians will expect drivers to automatically yield to them in parking lots.
Person is not walking. Road has 2 lanes. Road is near parking lot. Person far from road. Person is right of road. Person is far from car. Person is right of car. 
  Target is walking in near the left curb. Target is directly left of the driver.  
pedestrian has turned to walk behind car. Pedestrian changed trajectory to not hit car. pedestrian has seen car.     
The person has crossed.    
She enters the road. She is walking toward the back of car. Car slows down.  She is to the right of car. Car reduces speed for pedestrians.
The target is standing far from the curb. The car is in a store parking lot. They are to the right of the road.  They are to the far right side of the car. 
She is walking slowly with a cart at the left edge of the road. She is looking at my car.  This is a parking lot of a shopping mall.  She is close to the road.  She is far from my car. My car is slowing down.  
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is in a parking lot.  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps from the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road. Person is left of the driver. Person is 40 meters from the driver. Person is 15 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian is walking. Pedestrain is faced to the right side of the road. Parking lot. Pedestrain is on the left side of the road. Pedestrian is far from the car. 
They are walking.  They are far from my car.  
The pedestrian is pushing a cart. They are walking towards the road. They are on the left side near parked cars. The car is driving in a store parking lot  They are walking towards the road The target is far up ahead of the car. They are walking from the left. yield to pedestrians in parking lots.
pedestrian is an adult. Pedestrian has child in cart.  car is in parking lot.  pedestrian is in road. pedestrian is in parking lot. pedestrian will cross to store front.  Car is far from pedestrian. Pedestrians trajectory is perpendicular to car's trajectory. Car's trajectory would intersect pedestrians trajectory. car is traveling slow enough to stop if pedestrian attempts to cross.  pedestrians in parking lots should be given right of way regarless of traffic rules. 
Person is walking normally. Road has 2 lanes. Road is near parking lot.  They are near road. They are left of road. They are far from car. They are left of car. 
There is a person walking. They are pushing a cart. They are headed towards the store.  This is a parking lot. It is in front of a store.  They are in the road. They are to the left side.  They are in front of this car. They are to the left.  
  Person is on the left side of the road. Person is 2 steps on the road. Person is walking along the road. Person is walking towards the driver.  Person is left of the driver. Person is 30 meters from the driver. Person is 15 steps from driver path. 
Pedestrian turned toward the car.    Car keeps a slow speed.
They are walking parallel to my car. This is a parking lot. They are walking in the opposite direction of my car. They are on the opposite side of the road. 
The pedestrian has changed directions. They are walking parallel to the road.   They are to the left of the car. 
Person pushing cart along the road.   Person is near car. 
The person turned. They are no longer headed towards the store. They are heading in the opposite direction of the car.     
Pedestrain did not cross in front of the car.   Pedestrian is behind the car. 
They are a young male.  They are walking at a slow pace.  the driver is in a parking lot They are on the right side of the road. They are 5 meters ahead of the car. they are on the right side. 
The person walks funny. This is a parking lot. The person is to the right of the road. The person is to the left of this car. This car is close and driving slowly. 
A young man is walking toward the road.  He sees our car.  We are in a parking lot.  He is on the right side of the road. He is facing the road.  He might be walking to his car. He is near parked cars.  He is on the right side of our car. He is near our car. Drive slow in a parking lot.  There is nothing on the left side of the road that he would be crossing to, which is why he probably won't cross.
The pedestrian is an adult male. He is walking at a normal pace. This is a parking lot. These driving lanes are on the edge of lot. It is not where the cars enter and exit the parking spaces. He is near the road. This car is moving quickly. It will reach him quickly. The car is moving at a speed where crossing is dangerous. The car would need to stop for a pedestrian to pass.
Person is walking quickly. Person is leaning toward car. No crosswalk in road. Driver is in parking lot. Driver is near stores. Person is facing road. Person is 3 steps from road. Person is 4 steps from driver. Person is 1 step from parked car.  
Adult male. They are walking. They are facing the road. They are facing perpendicular to the driver. The weather is sunny. There is a parking lot. There are stores.  They are 5 feet away from the road. They are walking in a parking lot.  They are 8 feet away from the vehicle. They are  6 away from another vehicle. 
They are looking. They are walking. They are male.  There is a parking lot on the right. There is no crosswalk. There is a double yellow line. They are walking towards the road. They are walking to the left. They are walking toward this car. They are on the right.  Since this car is moving fast and they are looking, they will not cross in front of this car.
Person is walking normal speed. Driver is in parking lot Person is on the right side of the road. Person is 3 steps away from the road. Person is walking towards the road. Person is to the right of the driver. Person is 5 steps from driver path.  
Man is walking quickly. Man is not looking at car. Parking lot. Man is walking towards road lane on the right. Man is close on the right of car. Pedestrians have right of way in parking lot. Truck is parked near man. Man could be walking towards truck.
   The person is to the right of this car. 
Man slows down and turns towards truck.  Man turns into parking spot.  Man will not cross if turning into occupied parking spot.
The person looks like a parking lot attendant. They are pushing a row of shopping carts in the oncoming lane of traffic towards the driver. They don't look like they want to cross.  There's a crosswalk just in front of the driver and the person. There's a second crosswalk further ahead with a stop sign. There's a large parking lot to the left and a grocery store to the right.  They are in the left side of the road walking in the same direction as traffic in that lane.  The person is about 30 feet in front of the driver and walking in the opposite direction as the driver in the adjacent lane.  Vehicles will usually yield to pedestrians in spots like this even if there's not a crosswalk. 
I think the pedestrian will keep the same speed and not cross in front of car. The pedestrian is facing forward which seems like he won't cross in front. Parking lot area. There is a crosswalk in front of the car. There is many cars parked in the parking lot. The pedestrian is on the left side of the road. He is also walking at a normal rate of speed. The pedestrian is in front of and to the left of the car. The car is maintaining speed. 
Pedestrian is walking parallel to car.     
Pedestrian is pushing carts.  Pedestrian is walking slowly. Kroger storefront.  Crosswalk.  Stop sign.  Parking lot.  Strip mall.  Pedestrian is in middle of lane.  Pedestrian is in opposite lane of traffic.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  
the person is pushing the cart, male, young he is on the parking lot he is in the middle of the road he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way slow driving
the person is pushing carts. he is walking slowly. the road is wide. he is in front of a grocery store. he is near a parking lot. he is on the left side of the road. he is on the opposite lane.	 The person is far from this car. he is looking at this car. This car is slowing down for him. 
Pedestrian works at the grocery store. They are pushing shopping carts. They are walking.  Pedestrian is in a parking lot.  They are walking in the road. They are walking in the on coming lane.  Pedestrian is in front of and to the left of vehicle.  Vehicles go slow in parking lots. 
They work here. They are moving slowly. They are pushing carts. They see car. Store.  They are moving with road. They are in road. They are in other lane. Car is moving slowly. They are moderately close to car. Employees should not inconvenience customers
The person is walking pushing carts. He is walking at a normal speed. The location is a shopping center. There are yellow striped lines on the road. There is a stop sign ahead. He is on the left side of the road.  
Pedestrian is maintaining walking speed.  Their body is facing towards car.  Store front on left. Parking lot on right. Crosswalk ahead. Stop sign.  They are in the middle of the road. They are walking down road. Pedestrian and car are close in distance. Car is maintaining speed. Pedestrian is on left side of car.  
Pedestrian continues pushing carts.  Pedestrian maintains slow walking.  Pedestrian is in middle of lane.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is left of car.  
He is still walking slowly.   The person is walking parallel to the road. The person is near the car. The car is moving fast' 
 
  The person is going in the opposite direction of the car. He doesn't look like he wants to cross the road.  
He is pushing many carts.  Pedestrian walking signs.  He continued to push carts in middle of road.  Car is maintaining speed.  
He is pushing lots of carts.  Pedestrian walking signs.  He will continue to push carts in middle of road.   
pedestrians are walking across the road.  There is stop sign on the right side.    
They are not looking at car.  They are in crosswalk. They are in road. They are crossing. They are ahead of the car. Car is moving slowly. 
person is walking slowly.  road is narrow. person is in a parking lot. person is near the right side of the road.  person is far from this car. this car is driving slow. two pedestrians are walking away from this car. 
Their body is facing opposite side of road. They are walking moderately.  Crosswalk area ahead. Stop sign. Store front area. Pedestrian walking signs.  They are exiting store front area. They are a foot in the crosswalk. They are walking from right side of road to left.  Car is driving slowly. Car and pedestrian are far in distance. They are on right side of car.  
Pedestrians are walking. They are pushing a shopping cart  Vehicle has a stop sign. In a parking lot. Pedestrians are in a crosswalk  Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. They are walking to the left.  Pedestrians are in front of vehicle  Go slow and yield in parking lots 
There are people walking. They are pushing a cart. The location is a shopping center. There is a parking lot on the left side of the car. There are yellow striped lines on the road. There is a stop sign for ongoing traffic. They are already on the road.  They are on the right side of the car.  The cars are supposed to give way to the pedestrians
The person is walking out of the grocery store with a cart full of groceries. They are walking to the left into the crosswalk. There is a stop sign at the intersection as well. They definitely intend to cross.  There are several crosswalks in the road and a stop sign up ahead in front of the store entryway. There's a large parking lot on the left side of the road.  They are several steps into the roadway on the right, walking toward the left in the crosswalk.  They are about 40 feet ahead of the driver and several feet into the driver's lane already, walking to the left.  
Pedestrians are walking. Parking lot. They are on left side of road. They are behind the black car. 
person is pushing a cart. person is walking slow. in front of store crosswalk. there is a stop sign ahead person is using crosswalk. person is far from this car. this car is driving slow. car ahead stopped. 
Their body is facing the car.  Parking lot area.  They are on the right side of road. They are walking along side parked cars.  Pedestrian and car are far in distance. Car is maintaining slow speed. Two pedestrian walking on right side of car.  
Pedestrians are walking.  Pedestrians are pushing grocery cart.  Pedestrians do not see car. Kroger storefront.  Shops.  Crosswalk.  Parking lot. Pedestrian crosswalk sign.  Pedestrians are in crosswalk.  Pedestrians are a few steps into road. They are some distance from car.  They are in front of car.   
they are pushing the cart close to the shopping mall entrance, walking slow it is in front of the shopping mall they are on the right side of the road they are far, no other people are on the car's way slow driving
    They crossed in front of car at intersection before car turned.
His head is turned towards car.   They are stepping out of crosswalk zone.  Car is turning into parking lot. Pedestrian and car are close in distance. Pedestrian is on right side of car. 
Two middle aged adults. They are walking. They are pushing a shopping cart  They are in a parking lot  Pedestrians are on the right side of the road. They are walking with traffic.  They are next to vehicle  Yield and go slow in parking lots 
They are both males.   The car turned, now they are on the right side of the car.  
Now that the driver started to turn left, the people aren't actually in the driver's lane and are walking along the right side of the driver's path. One of the people are looking at the driver realizing the driver is turning.  They are walking along the right side of the driver's path as they walk into the parking area, out of the crosswalk. They are about 10 feet in front of the driver. 
They are walking parallel to car.  They are on right side of road. They are to the right of car. 
They are walking fast. they are pushing a cart.	 there is a stop sign ahead. They are using a crosswalk. It is a parking lot road near a store.
 they are near the sidewalk. they are on the right side of the road. 
Pedestrians see car.  Pedestrians pull back from car.  Parking lot.  Crosswalk.  Pedestrian crosswalk sign.  Shops.  Pedestrians are in the road. Pedestrians are in crosswalk.  Pedestrians are next to car.   
 it is parking lot they are on the parking lot they are close to the car, on the right side. slow driving
one of them pulled the other away from the car. they are both looking at the driver.	
 there is a crosswalk sign. they are on the right side of the road. 	
 they are in the cars way. they are walking slowly. The person is walking parallel to the road. The person is near the car. The car is moving fast.
 
The guy with the pink hat grabbed the other guy's shoulder to let them know not to walk in front of the vehicle. They do not intend to cross.   They're stopping along the right-hand side of the parking lane.  They're about six feet in front of the driver, stopping to let the driver go by.  
Pedestrian is on right side of car. this is a parking lot.  The walking path is not affecting the car.  
the person is walking slow, it is a male, middle age. it is a parking lot he is near parked cars on the parking lot he is far from the car, two other pedestrians are close to the car slow driving
They are walking slowly.  parking lot. They are in road. They are walking along road.  They are far from car. Car is moving slowly. 
The pedestrian is walking. He is faced forward. Parking lot. Good weather. Good road conditions. He is on the right side of road. He is next to the black SUV. 
Pedestrian walking at normal speed.  Pedestrian is located in front of vehicle to the right side.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately. Parking lot.  Crosswalk.  Pedestrian crosswalk sign.  Shopping center.   Pedestrian is in the road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is close to parked car.  Slow when driving in parking lot of shopping center.  Pedestrians come from between cars and walking with shopping carts.
There is a person walking. She is walking at a normal pace. She looks like a young adult. The location is a store parking lot She is on the right side of the car.  She is walking in the opposite direction of the car The cars should give way to the pedestrians.
The person is walking along the right edge of the roadway toward the grocery store. Crossing in front of the driver would actually be out of the way for them. They're most likely to stay on their course, and possibly move slightly out of the way to the right.  There's a crosswalk at the end of the roadway, but no street markings other than parking spaces in the road. It's a large parking lot for a grocery store.  They're walking along the right side of the roadway toward the grocery store.  They're about 50 feet in front of the driver walking along the right side of the driver's path.  Vehicles will usually yield to pedestrians walking through parking lots. 
Pedestrian in walking normally  Vehicle is in a parking lot  Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. They are walking against traffic  Pedestrian is ahead of and to the right of vehicle. They are walking in the opposite direction of vehicle travel  
 He is still walking at same speed. He will not cross.   His walking path is clear. 
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.   Parking lot.  Shopping center.  Pedestrian is in the road.  Pedestrian is walking towards car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is walking near parked cars.  
Pedestrian is walking. He is faced toward the left side and might cross. Two lane. Crosswalk and stop sign. Parking lot area. Clear weather. Good road conditions. He is on the right side of the road. He is in front of the car. People using crosswalk.
Target pedestrian walking normally. Grocery store parking lot. Side of road, facing the road. Medium distance from this vehicle. Crossing at the crosswalk.
Pedestrian is walking. Middle aged male  Pedestrian is using a crosswalk. Vehicle has a stop sign. In a parking lot  Pedestrian is to the right of the road. He is walking towards the road  Pedestrian is in front of and to the right of vehicle. He is walking perpendicular to it  Yield to pedestrians in crosswalks and in parking lots 
He is maintaining walking speed. His body is facing opposite side of road.  Stop sign. Crosswalk. Pedestrian walking signs. Store front area on right.  Parking lot on left.  He is walking out of the store. He is entering the crosswalk. He is walking from right side of road to left. Car has stopped at stop sign. Car and pedestrian are close in distance. Pedestrians in front are crossing.  Pedestrians have right away at store crosswalk. 
He is a male. he is in his late forties. He is talking on the phone.  He is in front of a grocery store. Crosswalk sign. crosswalk He is approaching the crosswalk.  He is far from the driver 
There is a person walking at a normal pace. He is in his mid-age. I cannot tell anything about his occupation.  There is a stop sign. There are yellow stripes on the road. The location is a shopping center. He is on the right side of the car.   There are other people crossing the road. They are already in the middle of the road. They are pushing a cart. 
Man walking out of store towards parking lot with phone in hand Stop sign and crosswalk in front of driver. Driver in a parking lot man in parking lot of store. 2ft away from road. walking from right side of road to left Man is about 50ft away from driver. On the right side of driver 
Pedestrian walking moderately. Cross walk.  Pedestrian crosswalk sign.  Strip mall.  Stop sign. Parking lot. Pedestrian is a step from road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk. Pedestrian is right of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car. 
They are moving briskly. They are looking at car.  They are almost in crosswalk. They are almost in road. They are crossing. Car is stopped. Others are crossing. 
the pedestrian is male, middle age, walking slow it is a parking lot he is close to the store entrance there are other pedestrians in front of the car slow driving
If the driver were to go straight, then the pedestrian would cross in front of the driver. However, the driver has already begun turning to the left, so the pedestrian's path won't take them in front of the driver's path.  There's a crosswalk with several indicator signs as well as a stop sign. There's a grocery store on the right and a large parking area on the left.  They're walking out of the store and towards the crosswalk to head towards the parking lot.  They're about 20 feet in front of the driver and approaching the driver's path were the driver to go straight.  
The person is checking his phone. He will not cross.     
Pedestrian did not cross. Car turned left and pedestrian stayed going straight.  Pedestrian is in the middle of road. Pedestrian is to right of car. 
He is maintaining walking speed. His body is angled away from car.   He is walking at a towards the next lane over in parking lot. He has stepped off crosswalk.  Car has turned before reaching pedestrian path. Pedestrian is on right side of car.  
    He is looking at the driver
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian in road.  Pedestrian walking to parking lot. Pedestrian is walking away from car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  
   Car is turning left. Car is moving away from them. 
The car takes a left turn. The pedestrian will never cross the car.     
    He is looking at the driver. 
He went the other direction.   He is farther from the car. 
The person is walking normal.  parking lot.  The person is right side of the car.  The car is moving slowly.  
The man is walking normally. The driver is in a parking lot. The man is near the road. He is in front of the crosswalk. The person is to the right of the driver.  
They are walking. They are looking.  This is a store parking lot. There is a crosswalk.  They are in the parking lot. They are 10 paces from the crosswalk. They are walking to the left. They are on the right.  
Pedestrian has slower walking speed.  Kroger storefront.  Crosswalk.  Pedestrian crosswalk sign.  Parking lot.   Pedestrian is in parking lot.  Pedestrian is to right of road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is close to car.   
They are moving at a moderate pace. They are not looking at the car. They appear to be on the phone. Close to crosswalk. Crosswalk signs. In front of store. They are walking towards the road. They are not in the road. Woman is in road. She is in crosswalk. She is close to car. She is crossing road. Man is moderately ahead of car. If another pedestrian is close to crosswalk, wait for them too.
Pedestrian is walking towards the car. Pedestrian has a moderate pace.  There is a large crosswalk present. There are pedestrian crossing signs present.  Pedestrian is not crossing on the same road the car is driving on. Pedestrian is approaching car on the right side.  Pedestrian is far away from the car. There is second pedestrian on the left hand side of the car.  Car should yield to pedestrians. Car should obey road signs. Car should drive slow in parking lot. 
The man is walking towards the store front.  He is 10 feet from the crosswalk. This vehicle is stopped. There is another pedestrian beginning to walk into the crosswalk. 
Man is walking slowly. Store parking lot. There is a crosswalk. Man is walking in road on right towards store on left. Man is walking towards car on right. Car should stop for people in parking lots. Man gives signal that he will wait.
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. They are not looking at the car. They might cross.  There is a crosswalk ahead. It is in a shopping center parking lot.  They are on the right side of the road. They are walking towards the road.  They are semi-close to the car. They are to the right and in front of the car. The car is slowing down/stopped. There is another pedestrian close to the car. 
The person stopped walking. he signaled the car to go.  cross walk the person is right side of the road.  The car is maintaining the speed. The person is right side of the car.  
The person has stopped.  The person is near the road.   The person waved at the driver to go.
They signaled this car to pass. They do not want to cross. They are male. They are standing. There is a pedestrian crossing sign.    They signaled this car that they do not want to cross. 
Pedestrian stops walking.  Pedestrian waves car on.   Stop sign.   Pedestrian is a couple steps from road.   Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is close distance to car.  
Pedestrian is stopped. He waved at car. He sees car.     Pedestrians can wave cars onward if the car has already been waiting a long time.
Pedestrian is closer to the crosswalk. Pedestrians walking strides have slowed.  There is a crosswalk in sight. There are pedestrian crossing signs. Car is driving in parking lot.  Pedestrian has approached the road but has not entered.  Pedestrian is close to the car. Pedestrian is approaching on the right side of the car.  Car should yield to pedestrians in crosswalk. Car should obey traffic signs. Car should drive slowly in parking lot. 
The man waved to tell the car to go ahead of him. He has stopped before reaching the crosswalk.    
The pedestrian has stopped walking. He is waving the car to drive by. He will not cross.    He is close to the car. The car is increasing speed. He is to the right of the car.  
The woman is pushing a shopping cart. The woman is beginning to walk into a crosswalk, She is about 10 feet in front of the car. This vehicle is currently stopped. 
Pedestrian pushing cart. Pedestrian moving slowly.  Crosswalk markings. Crosswalk signs. Grocery Store. Pedestrian currently turning right. Pedestrian walking into crosswalk. Pedestrian on left of car. Pedestrian close to car. 
The target is walking with goods. her body language tells the she is letting the car go. she is changing her direction a little bit.  crosswalk. The target is left side of the crosswalk.  The car is maintaining its speed. The car is in front of the person. The person is left side of the car. 
They are moving slowly. They are pushing a cart. They are facing this car. They are female. There is a crosswalk. This is a store parking lot. They are walking towards the crosswalk. They are on the crosswalk. They want to cross to the right. They are very close. They are on the left. They will make eye contact with this driver if they wish to cross.
Walking slow. Older woman. Grocery store parking lot. There is a crosswalk. woman is walking towards crosswalk. She is on the left of car. She turns her cart away from car. She will not cross in front of car.
Pedestrian walking slowly.  Pedestrian pushing grocery cart.  Crosswalk.  Kroger storefront.  Pedestrian crosswalk sign.   Pedestrian is a step into the road.  Pedestrian in crosswalk.  Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.   Slow when approaching storefront crosswalks.  Pedestrians should be aware of car speeds.  
The pedestrian is an older female adult. She is walking. She is pushing a shopping cart. This is a crosswalk leaving a store. This is a parking lot. There is a store behind the pedestrian. The pedestrian has turned her cart. She might turn completely to walk parallel to the road.  The car is very close to the pedestrian. She is to the left of the car. A pedestrian will walk along the road until they reach the row that their car is in.
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. They are looking at the car. they will cross.  It is in a shopping center parking lot. There is a crosswalk ahead. They are on the left side of the road. They are walking towards the road.  They are close to the car. They are to the right and in front of the car. The car is slowing down/stopped.  
The person is a woman. She is pushing a cart. She is walking slowly.  The driver is in a parking lot. The driver is at a crosswalk. There are pedestrian signs in front of the driver. She is next to the road. She is at the curb. She is at the crosswalk. The woman is to the left of the driver.  
  The woman changed direction. She is walking alongside the car.  
  Pedestrian completed turn. Pedestrian continued walking. Other Pedestrian walking towards crosswalk. 
They changed direction.   They are walking towards the rear of this car.  Since they turned towards the rear of this car, they will cross behind this car.
Pedestrian increases walking speed.  Pedestrian turns self/cart opposite direction of car.   Pedestrian is couple feet in road.  Pedestrian is in crosswalk.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian right next to car.  
The pedestrian has changed walking directions. She will not cross.    She is to the left of the car. She is walking parallel to the car.  
The woman turns her cart. She walks normally away from the crosswalk.   The woman is in the road. She is a couple feet from the curb.  
Woman is walking quickly. Parking lot. Cloudy day.  She is in the road walking to he right. She is on the left of car. Car should slow in parking lot and allow people to pass.
The person is walking normally.  The driver is in a parking lot. The person is several feet away from the road. They are in the sidewalk.  The person is on the left of the driver. They are in front of the driver. They are next to parked cars. They are behind another person.  
Pedestrian is walking.  Parking lot.  Parked cars on both sides.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is left of road.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  
The man is speed walking.  He is several feet in front of the car. He is crossing the street in front of the car. This vehicle's speed is moderate.  This is a parking lot, which means people are constantly crossing. All drivers need to be aware of people at all times.
They appear to be with the man crossing. They are trying to catch up to the man. They are not looking at the car. They are walking intently. Parking lots are full of pedestrians. They are in a crosswalk. They are not in road. They are on sidewalk. They are walking towards the road. They are far ahead of the car. Pedestrians have right of way in crosswalks. 
A pedestrian is walking toward the road. They look like an adult. They are walking at a normal pace. This is a parking lot at a park area. They are on the sidewalk. They are walking toward the road. They are on the left side of the car. There is another person walking in front of the pedestrian. They are in the middle of the road. The car is far from the pedestrian. Pedestrians usually cross in front of cars in parking lots.
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. They will cross behind the other pedestrian. It is in a parking lot. There are some wet spots on the road.  They are on the left side of the road. They are walking towards the road.  They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. They are right behind the other pedestrian. They are in front and to the left of the car.  
They are walking. They are close to another pedestrian who is crossing.  This is a parking lot.  They are on the sidewalk. They are moving towards the road.  They are very far away. They are on the left.  Since the person in front of them is crossing and this car is very far away, they will continue crossing. 
The person is walking fast. The is intending to cross the road.  The person is left side of the car.  the car is maintaining speed. It is close to the person.  
The person is walking fast.  The person is in the road. They are several feet from the curb.  The person is in front of the driver. 
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.    Pedestrian is a step into the road.   Pedestrian is to left of car.  
The pedestrian is leaning towards the street. This is a parking lot. He is several feet in front of the car. All other vehicles are parked. This car is moving at a slow speed. People tend to cross at random places in parking lots. Cars must be more aware of the location of pedestrians in parking lots.
Pedestrian is walking. They are not looking at car. They look older. parking lot. They are entering road. They are crossing They are far ahead of the car. Car is moving slowly Pedestrians have right of way in parking lot.
The man is walking slowly. The driver is in a parking lot. The man is next to the road. He is on the curb. The man is in front of the driver. He is next to parked cars. 
Older man is walking slowly. Parking lot. Cloudy day. Man is walking in the road to the right. Man is on the left of car. Car should slow or stop for people in parking lot.
They are walking.  This is a parking lot.  They are on the road. They are crossing to the right. They are on the left. They are very far away. Since they are very far away and they are already crossing, they can safely cross.
the person is walking fast.   the person is left side of the road.  the person is far from the car. the car is maintaining its speed.  
The pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. He is an adult male. This is a parking lot. There are cars to his right. That is on the left side of the car. There are cars parked on the right side of the car as well. They are walking toward the road. He will cross the road. This car is far from him.  Pedestrians can cross in parking lots.
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed across the road. he is not looking at the car. He will continue to cross.  It is in a parking lot. There are some wet spots in the road. He is in the middle of the road. He is walking across the road.  He is far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. He is in front of the car.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately. Parking lot.  Cloudy.   Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is a step from the road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  
The man is crossing at the intersection. The traffic signals are green. If the car turns left, the pedestrian will be crossing in front of the car. He is halfway through the street. He is walking in the same direction as the car.  
Male student is walking slowly. Green traffic light. Crosswalk. He is walking on sidewalk towards road on right. He is walking towards a man. Car should slow, but not stop. Car has green light.
The person is walking fast to cross the road. traffic signal area. green signal. The person is on the road. He is in the middle of the road. The car is maintaining its speed. The person is far from the car.  
Woman is walking slowly. Campus area. Crosswalk. green traffic light. She is walking in the road to the right. She is on the left of car walking away. Car should slow or stop for person crossing.
They are walking. They are not looking. There is a crosswalk. The traffic light is green. They are on the crosswalk. They are heading towards the sidewalk. They are on the left. 
The pedestrian is walking. There are four lanes. They are separated by a median. There is an intersection. The light is green. They are walking parallel to the road. They are crossing a side road. They are walking toward the car. They are far from the car.  
The person is walking slowly. The driver is near parking lots. There is a light in front of the driver. He is in the road. He is several feet from the curb. He is to the left of the driver. 
The pedestrian is walking at an average speed. They are walking away from the car and not looking at the car.  There is a traffic signal ahead. It is in a campus area.  They are on the left side of the road. They are walking parallel to the road.  They are far from the car. The car is maintaining speed. There is another car ahead. They are far from that car.  
They do not see the car.  Light is green so car must be turning left. They are crossing. They are in the middle of the road. They are ahead of the car. They are to the left of the car. Car is slowing down. Yield on a left turn.
Pedestrian is moderately walking.   Campus area.  Parking lot.  Building.  Traffic light.  Median.  4 lane road across.  Crosswalk.   Pedestrian is in crosswalk.  Pedestrian is almost in middle of road.  Pedestrian is some distance from car.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is on opposite side of street. 
  The pedestrian is a few feet away from the sidewalk. The car is turning left. The car is turning into the lane where the pedestrian is walking. 
They are still walking. They are not looking.    They are in front of this car. This car turned towards them. Since this car turned, they will now pass in front of this car. 
The pedestrian is walking.  They are crossing the road. This car is turning. The pedestrian is in the path of the car. They are walking away from the car. Pedestrians have the right of way at an intersection.
The man is walking slowly.   He is in front of the driver. 
The pedestrian is walking through the crosswalk. He is not looking at the car. He will continue to cross.   He is walking across the road. He is in the middle of the road.  He is close to the car. The car is turning left and slowing down. There is another pedestrian stopped on the sidewalk. He is close to them.  
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.    Pedestrian is in the road.   Pedestrian is close to car.  Pedestrian is almost in front of car.  
They were walking then stopped. They are looking at this car. They are male.  This is a parking lot. The road is wet.  They are between parking spaces. They are on the right. They are 40 feet away.  Since this is a parking lot, pedestrians should make eye contact with drivers before they cross.
Pedestrian halted. They are looking right at the car. Parking lot. They are not in road. They are in parking spots. They are close to the car. Yield to pedestrians in parking lot.
The pedestrian is walking from behind a parked car. They are slowing down. They are looking at the car.  It is in a parking lot.  They are on the right side of the road. They are walking towards the road.  They are close to the car. The car is maintaining speed. There are other pedestrians ahead. They are not in the car's way. There is another car in reverse in front of the car and pedestrian.  
Pedestrian is walking.   Parking lot.  Parked cars.   Pedestrian is in parking spot.  Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is to right of car.   
The person is stopped. The driver is in a parking lot. The person is next to the road. The driver is accelerating. The person is next to parked cars. The person is near the driver. The person is making eye contact with the driver.
The pedestrian is walking. He is an adult male. This is a parking lot. There are cars parked along both sides of the road. The pedestrian is walking toward the road. He is going to cross. The car is getting closer to the pedestrian. The car is going slow enough to stop safely. Pedestrians can cross in parking lots. Cars should be prepared to stop.
the person is walking. he is intending to cross the road. parking lot the person is on the right side of the road. the car is maintaining its speed. the person is close to the car. 
Man is walking slowly. Parking lot. Rainy road. He is walking towards road. He is right of car. Car should slow in parking lot.
The pedestrian appears to be dressed up. He might be going to church or an appointment.  This is a parking lot. His path is right in front of the car. He is about 15 feet in front of the car. The car is going very slow. Other cars are parked. One car is waiting for a parking spot to clear out. 
They saw me. They are walking faster.  They are crossing. They are on the road.  They waited for this car to slow down, then they decided to cross. 
The pedestrian has seen my car slowing down. They are walking again.    The car is slowing down/stopping.  
Pedestrian increases walking speed.    Pedestrian is few steps from road.  Pedestrian is slightly to right of car.  
    The person is making eye contact with the driver to cross.
They are moving briskly. They are walking to entrance of restaurant. They are crossing. They are entering road. They are moderately close to car. Car is stopped.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately. Drive-thru.  Parked cars.   Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is in parking space.  Pedestrian is to right of car.  Pedestrian is not too far from car.  Pedestrian is coming from parked car.  
He is walking. He is faced to the left. Parking lot. Clear weather. Fair road conditions. He is on the right side of road. He is next to green car. 
Pedestrian is walking slowly.    
Pedestrian is walking slowly.  Appears to be a restaurant drive-thru.  He is walking by his parked car. He is on the right side of road.  Car is driving slow. Pedestrian and car are far in distance.  
There is a person walking. He is walking at a normal pace. The location is a drive-thru He is on the right side of the road.  The cars are supposed to give way to the pedestrians.
the pedestrian is male, middle age, walking slow it is in front of the restaurant he is in the parking lot he is far from the car, no other pedestrians are on the car's way slow driving
person standing still. this car is in drive thru. person is a parking lot. person is far from road. person is near a parked car. person is far from this car. this car stopped. 
The person looks like a McDonalds employee with their apron. They're either showing up for their shift or delivering food to one of the parked cars. They're walking from the parking area to the left toward the restaurant entrance. The driver is in the drive-thru pulling forward slowly, but most likely will yield to the employee.  It's a drive-thru and parking area at a McDonalds. There's a painted yellow line dividing off the drive-thru, but no other signage or crosswalk.  The person is on the right side of the non drive-thru portion of the road, walking to the left at an average pace.  They're about 20 feet to the right of the driver's path and about 30 feet in front of the driver.  Vehicles will usually yield to pedestrians coming out of or going into the restaurant. 
Pedestrian maintains walking speed.  Pedestrian sees car. Pedestrian is a worker.   Pedestrian is in the road.  Pedestrian is next to car.  Pedestrian is slightly right of car.  
He is slowing down.  Car is slowing down. He is in middle of road. He is ahead of the car. Both pedestrian and driver acknolege each other.
pedestrian is walking fast.   car is slowing down. 
Pedestrian is walking. He appears to work at the McDonald's.  Vehicle is in a drive thru  Pedestrian is on the right side of the road. Pedestrian is walking to the left Pedestrian is in front of vehicle  Yield to pedestrians in parking lots
His body is facing the opposite side of road.   Pedestrian is walking right to left side of road. He has stepped a foot into road.  Car is moving up to next drive-thru window. Car is slowing down more.  
The driver is steadily accelerating and the employee is approaching kind of slowly, so they could still let the driver pass before crossing. It's unclear.   They're about 10 feet from the edge off the drive-thru, walking to the left.  They're about 10 feet from the driver's path and about 20 feet in front of the driver.  
The driver is slowing down and the employee is watching the driver as they continue to walk to the left. They're close enough now and the driver is slowing enough now that the employee is likely to cross in front.   They are about three feet from the edge of the drive-thru and walking slowly to the left.  They're about three feet from the edge of the driver's path and about 10 feet in front of the driver.  
He crossed.  He is on left side of road. He is next to the building. 
they are standing in front of the bank, middle age, males it is drive thru bank they are near atm in front of the bank they are far from the car slow driving
Pedestrians are standing in a bank drive thru line.  Vehicle is in a bank drive thru Pedestrians are in the middle of the second drive thru line.  Pedestrians are in front of and to the right of the vehicle. They are in the line to the right of the lane the vehicle intends to enter.  Yield to pedestrians.
Men are standing. Bank ATM drive-thru. Between each lane, facing across the lane. Close to this vehicle. Pedestrians wait for car to go and for this vehicle to stop.
Two people are standing in one of the drive-thru lanes at a bank. They're standing in the second lane, the one to the right of the driver's lane, and don't appear to be wanting to move to another lane.  It's a bank drive thru with four lanes.  They're standing in the 2nd lane from the left at the drive thru.  The two people are between cars situated in the first and third lanes, from the left. They are about 20 feet in front of the driver.  
Pedestrians are standing still.  Bank lanes.  cloudy. Pedestrians are in bank lane.   Pedestrians are in front of car.  Pedestrians are in between parked vehicles. Pedestrians are not too far from car.  
They are standing still. drive-thru They are not in road.  They are close to car. They are close to other cars. others are stopped. Car is moving slowly. 
pedestrians are standing. they are interacting with an object.  pedestrians are in a drive thru. road is narrow. they are standing in the way of the car. they are close to the car. the car is driving slow. 
Pedestrians are just standing at the bank  Pedestrians are in the middle of the drive thru . Vehicles are at the teller windows.Vehicles are on both sides of the pedestrians. 
They are standing on a median in bank.  Bank area. Median. They are standing on the right side.  Car is driving slow. Car and pedestrian are close in distance.  
The pedestrians are stopped and don't seem like they are going to move into the car's path. The location is a drive-through.  The pedestrians are in the middle lane of the bank drive-through. The pedestrians are in front of and to the right of the car. There is two other cars in the drive-through. 
There is a couple standing. They look like they are in the mid-age. The location is a bank.  They are on the right side of the car. The drivers  are supposed to give way to the pedestrians.
The pedstrians are standing on right side of road.   This is a self-service kiosk.  The speed of car is slow.  
Pedestrian is walking. He waved to the vehicle. He is a man in a suit. He probably works at the bank.  Vehicle is in a drive thru He is in the middle of the road.  He is ahead of the vehicle.  Yield to pedestrians. 
You couldn't tell before that they were facing towards the left, towards the driver's lane. As the driver came to a stop behind the car currently at the ATM, the two people started walking to the left and waved to the driver to indicate that they are going to cross.   They are just to the right of the left-most drive-thru lane at the bank. They are walking to the left towards the left-most lane.  They people are about six feet in front of the driver and are on the right edge of the driver's lane.  
Pedestrian 1 raises hand.    Pedestrian 1 is on bank median.  Pedestrian 2 is in bank lane.  Pedestrians are next to vehicle.  Pedestrians are close to car.  Pedestrians are to right of car.  
He acknowledges the car. He starts walking. They are using atm. They are crossing. They are very close to car. Car is stopped 
person raised his hand. person is standing on a curb. person is looking at driver.   person is walking towards the car ahead. raising a hand in this case means excuse me.
Pedestrians was waiting for the ATM.  Walked across to the ATM Vehicle moved away from ATM 
The Pedestrian has started to walk. He made a hand gesture.   He is stepping off median. He will walk from right side to left. Car has come to a stop. Car and pedestrian are close in distance.  
The pedestrians start walking towards the atm.  The pedestrians are now heading towards the left lane of the drive-through. The pedestrians are now in front of the car and moving towards the drive-through. One of the pedestrians raises his hand to single to cross in front of car.
The pedestrians are in the road. They are slowly walking toward the right curb.  The car is on a city road. There are signs of construction. They are in the road.  They are walking across the road from the left. They are to the left of the car. They are closely ahead of the car. watch for construction workers in construction zones.
Male. Construction worker. Construction zone. Male is in the middle of the road. Male is walking left to right. Male is to the left and in front of the driver. Construction workers will stop traffic to cross.
Pedestrian is walking at a normal pace. They look to be a construction worker. They are putting a hand up to stop traffic. Sun is rising, making it difficult to see. Traffic signals not working. Pedestrian is in the middle of the road. Pedestrian is in front of vehicle. 
Person is walking normal speed.  Person is in the middle of the road. Person is 2 lanes from the right side of the road. Person is walking to the right side of the road.  Person is left of the driver. Person is one lane from driver path. Person is 25 meters from the driver.  Person held up hand to driver to stop.
He is walking in the middle lane of the road. He signaled to cross. He is looking at my car.  Construction is going on somewhere nearby.  He is on the road.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down.  Signals are not working. 
They are walking. They are near a traffic light. They are crossing the road.  Cars yield to pedestrians.
This person is walking.  they are walking towards the median. They are waving this car to go ahead.   They are in the road.  They are in front of this car.  
Person is walking slowly. Person is young. Road has 3 lanes. Road is one-way. Person is on road. Person is near car. Person is left of car. 
He is walking. He is faced to the right of the road. Traffic light ahead. He is in the middle of the road. He is ahead of the car. 
Pedestrian is holding up hand to signal car to stop. Pedestrian is wearing a work vest. Pedestrian is an adult.  Road is in construction area.  Pedestrians path is perpendicular to the flow of traffic.  Pedestrian is in road. pedestrian is crossing in front of car. pedestrians path is perpendicular to the cars path. car is very close to pedestrian for speed of car.  Construction zones have high pedestrian traffic. 
The pedestrians signal they are crossing. They walk with their hand up and out.    
  Person is in right lane. Person is in front of car. Let person cross.
He is walking on the left sidewalk. He is walking in the opposite direction as my car.   He is far from my lane.  He is far from my car. My car is maintaining the same speed.  
pedestrian looks like they're standing in the sidewalk to the left. it's unclear if the car is turning left or going straight. it's also unclear if the pedestrian will even move from the spot or remain still.  it looks like a campus area with a busy parking lot. it's kind of cloudy but otherwise good driving conditions.  pedestrian is standing on the sidewalk on the left-hand side of the road. they are about 20 feet from the end of the sidewalk and six feet from the parallel roadway.  they are about 50 feet from the vehicle.  drivers will generally yield to pedestrians in areas like this, on campuses and near large parking lots. 
There is a man walking upright.  It is a parking lot. There is a crosswalk ahead of the man.  The man is on the sidewalk.   If someone is approaching a crosswalk, it likely means they will cross. 
Pedestrian is walking.   Parking lot.  Crosswalk. Pedestrian is to left of road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   He is to the left of the car.  Pedestrian is walking from parking lot.   
Person is walking.  Driver is near parking lot. No crosswalk in road. Person is 3 steps from road. Person is not walking toward road. Person is far from driver. Person is much slower than driver. 
The pedestrian is walking quickly. This is a two way street. This is a campus area. There is a parking lot to the left of the pedestrian. They are on the sidewalk walking parallel to the road. They are on the left side of the car. They are not close to this car. They are walking away from the car. 
Pedestrian is younger male. He is walking slowly left.  Driver is pulling into campus parking lot. There is a cross walk He is on left sidewalk. He is walking parallel to road.  He is two car lengths away from driver. He is 15 ft to the right of driver.  
Pedestrian is walking moderately. campus area.  building.  Parking lot.  2 lane road.  Sidewalk.  Pedestrian is next to road.  Pedestrian is on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is to left of car.  Pedestrian is a little distance from car.  
They are walking. They are an adult male. Parking Lot. Crosswalk. They are on the sidewalk. They are on the left side of the road. They are far from the car. The car is turning left. The car is slowing down. 
A man is walking down the sidewalk.  he is not facing the street.  He is walking fast.  He is on the sidewalk.  He is not facing the road. He is on the left side of the road.  He is far from our car. He is on the left side of our car. 
Pedestrian standing on left.   Parking lot on left, commercial on right.  No visible cross walks. no stop signs Pedestrian on left side of road on sidewalk.  Pedestrian is at a safe distance.  Bad glare on the windshield.  
He started running to my lane. He is looking at my car.  My car is entering a parking lot.  He is close to my lane.  He is close to my car. My car is slowing down.  Cars yield to pedestrians in the parking lot. 
pedestrian looks like a young man. they began running or sprinting along the sidewalk towards the driver's path.   they are about 10 feet from the roadway, running towards the roadway.  they are about 20 feet in front of the driver. 
The man has stopped in front of my car.   He is the middle of the road.   
Pedestrian begins running.    Pedestrian is on sidewalk.   He is to the right of the car.   Slow or stop when a pedestrians begins to run towards crosswalk.  
Man is running. Man is young.  Crosswalk in road. Man is 2 steps from road. Man is running toward road.  Man is 1 car from driver. Man is running to cross road even with driver coming. Running normally means a pedestrian will cross.
He is standing.   Pedestrian is in the middle of road. He is standing. He is facing driver.  He is directly in front of driver.  Since the pedestrian ran to stand in front of driver, and because he is smiling, it is safe to assume the driver and pedestrian know each other. 
Pedestrian begins running.    
The pedestrian began to run.     The pedestrian might try to make it across before the car pulls into the parking lot.
The man is running down the sidewalk. he is running toward the street.  he is running fast.  He is on the sidewalk.  He is running towards the road.  He is approaching the road.   He is on the right side of the car. He is going to collide with the car. 
Pedestrian begins running. He stops in road.  He uses an aggressive sign gesture.  Pedestrian used crosswalk. Campus area.  He Used the crosswalk.   Pedestrian is very close to my car.  
pedestrian ran into the roadway and stopped in the middle to deliberately prevent the vehicle from continuing.   they are stationary in the middle of the roadway.  they are standing about three feet directly in front of the vehicle facing the vehicle.  
Pedestrian begins running. crosswalk.  sidewalk.  parking lot.   Pedestrian is a step into road.  Pedestrian is in crosswalk.   Pedestrian is very close to car.  Pedestrian is to right of car.   slow/stop when pedestrian begins running at car. 
The pedestrian slows to stand in front of the car and use vulgar gestures at the car.  They are in the middle of the car's driving path The car has stopped. 
pedestrian turned away from the vehicle and looks like they'll now cross and be out of the way of the vehicle.   they are still standing in the middle of the road, although facing to the left now in order to cross.  they are about two feet in front of the driver and facing to the left.  
The man started to walk off.     
